Analyze the product-market options that are available to Associated Meats Sdn Bhd.
Define attribution. 
Given three possible approaches to implement the defined system, discuss the possible advantages and disadvantages of each approach.
Predict what will happen next in.
Define “ecosystem services” and describe how they are benefiting our society. 
Discuss TWO (2) common methods of managing inventory adopted by manufacturing and retailing companies. 
Explain the processing of eukaryotic mRNA transcripts prior to translation. Indicate the chemical bases for each step. 
Draw a flowchart that represents the following codes.
Using the basic principles of socialism discussed in this course, evaluate the US economic system by providing key arguments to support your judgment.
Translate the following algorithm into Java code
Construct a Venn diagram to determine the validity of the given argument.
How would the U.S.A. be different if the South had won the Civil War?
If the value of the bond is RM900 and coupon are paid semi-annually, compute the yield to maturity (YTM) and the current yield of the bond. Interpret your answers. 
judge the difficulty level for yourself.
Define Educational Technology based on FIVE (5) instructional design view. 
List FIVE (5) guidelines for spokesperson to follow during the media interview. 
Demonstrate email and social media approaches to create effective marketing plan.
Evaluate your sketch with ASSURE's model procedure. 
Differentiate printf function calls for displaying prompts and for echoing data.
Support your answers with ONE (1) example in everyday life for EACH theory. 
Name FIVE vital plant processes that herbicides target. 
Draw ONE (1) point perspective with TWO (2) geometrical forms.
Construct a model to demonstrate how it will work.
State FOUR (4) reasons why level strategy is attractive to some companies in preparing aggregate production plan. 
Discuss the extent to which Value Chain Analysis can be applied in the logistics sector.
With the aid of diagrams, describe how the soil structure influences the rate of water leaching.
Cloud computing evolved from earlier technologies. State them.
Calculate the market demand and market supply in table form. 
Design a new animal to live in the jungle.
Identify FIVE (5) conditions that one needs to meet in order to be an independent director in Malaysian public listed company (PLC).
Use philanthropy approach to manage corporate social responsibility effectively.
Demonstrate email and social media approaches to create effective marketing plan.
Fertilizer that is extremely high in phosphorus content is essential for flowering. Justify. 
The Malaysian economy is currently operating at the natural level of output. In order to be a high-income country in 2020, government of Malaysia decides to increase the government spending. Discuss the effects of the event on the price level, unemployment and output in the long run and short run in Malaysia with appropriate diagrams.
Given these five corrosion inhibitors, V, W, X, Y, Z, identify which are passivators  
Explain on the advantages of switching from a flat-file processing system to a database management system. 
Compare and contrast our school to other communities.
Identify any TWO (2) product design strategies you have learned. Explain how both strategies could be useful for instant respond to customer demand. 
Identify and describe THREE (3) difficulties in calculating national income accounting.
Would this information be useful if you had a . . .?
Identify FOUR (4) major crisis variables in organizing and analyzing crisis evolution data. Support your answer with explanation and ONE (1) example for each variable. 
Propose TWO (2) strategies to reduce the occurrence of bullying.
Describe the sender-initiated task transfer method that used in dynamic load balancing.
Provide three (3) situations whereby it will be useful to use reference variables as parameters.
Evaluate the need for ethics in research.
Classify soil organisms according to their ecology and state TWO examples for each group. 
Discuss the main objective of layout design rules. 
Define standard operating procedures as highlighted.
Briefly explain the differences between and Langmuir-Blodgett (LB) monolayer and self-assembled monolayer (SAM). 
Discuss any FOUR (4) elements which are embedded in Total Quality Management Programme. 
Assuming the elitism selection method where the best chromosomes are selected for pairing, apply the crossover and mutation for the selected pair of chromosomes using the encoding scheme proposed in (b)(i).
Describe how accurate mass spectrometry could be applied to determine if a small protein contains a pair of disulfide-bonded cysteine residue or two reduced cysteine residues. Explain how you can confirm your finding. 
Given that a = -10, b = 2, c = 5 and d = 0. Evaluate the following relational and logical expressions:
Briefly explain the income-consumption curve. With the aid of diagrams, derive income-consumption curve and Engel curve if there is an increase in income given that the good is an inferior good. Explain your answer by showing at least two bundles of goods in the diagrams.
Estimate the difficulty of the question
State a main difference between a customer and a contact.
How much did he pay for his car
Explain the concept of narrowing conversion. Indicate in code how the conversion is done.
Based on the aspartate protease mechanism, explain the concept of using "Crixivan" to treat HIV patients. 
Choose a character. Rewrite a scene from the story from this character's point of view.
Design a testing scenario to assess the susceptibility of an alloy to be used in a given environment?
For any points which fall exactly on the curve, explain the combination of production for steel and bricks. 
Evaluate the characteristics of the board in a two-tier board structure. 
Provide the objectives of building maintenance. 
Use the E-pH or Pourbaix diagram of Cr to determine the control current and potential for the anodic protection of a S43000 stainless steel vessel.  
List FIVE (5) weaknesses of Out-of-Home (OOH) Advertising. 
 What happens if you restrict a determinental process to a subset R  S? 
Analyze SIX (6) types of modern construction problems as to how they negatively impact the various building functions. 
Write a C++ statement to declare a variable of type musicType name MyTune.
Suggest any THREE (3) scenarios where users  may benefit from using video calls in their communication.
Referring to the given poster design, explain in details the usage of elements and principles of arts. 
IBS components can be divided into five broad categories. Briefly describe with examples all FIVE (5) categories. 
HTTP is a stateless protocol. Justify.
Draw a body-centered cubic (BCC) unit cell. Calculate the volume density and area density on the (0, 0. 1) plane of a BCC cell if the lattice constant is 2.3 Å. Give a brief explanation of your calculations. 
As a manager in an Information Technology firm, suggest and elaborate any THREE (3) actions that organizations can take as part of the responsibility towards the society.
Discuss the biological factors that cause the deterioration of cut flowers.
List any TWO (2) real life examples of  the  organization  that implement the clicks-and-bricks B2C E-Commerce.
Describe the advantages and disadvantages of foliar application in fruit crops. 
Apply the rule of law to a new situation
State the problems that could arise from environmental overload of fixed nitrogen due to generous usage of nitrogen fertilizer and suggest a possible solution for this situation. 
Shareholder activism is an important governance mechanism because this is how minority shareholders exercise and enforce their rights. Comment on the effectiveness of shareholder activism. 
Discuss the potential profit and loss for the long straddle. 
Write a C program that accepts integer inputs from the screen, computes the total and average values; and displays the values on the screen.
Design a sketch section of the floor slab adjoining the parapet that includes the scupper drain, drain guard, water proofing layer, and protective topping. 
in what ways is oxyperoxidase similar to other oxygenated heme proteins, and how does it differ
Evaluate the nature and effect of significant "entry barriers" on the formulation of a strategic plan for a business which is already established in the industry.
Just-in-time (JIT) attempts to remove delays, which do not add value. Explain how JIT copes with weather and its impact on crop harvest and transportation times. 
"The monetary policy is always useful in stimulating the economic growth by increasing the money supply in the market." Comment on this statement. Support your answer with an appropriate diagram. 
Describe FIVE (5) categories of space.
Compose an original work which incorporates five common materials in sculpture.
Draw the body-centered cubic cell and determine its packing fraction. State and explain the assumptions you have made. 
Differentiate between humic and non-humic substances. 
Describe the effectiveness of advertising value of products, price, competition, consumer and business.
Describe material gathering process. 
How would you show your understanding of the ABC process
Discuss major tasks in data preprocessing.
Synthesize the need for ventilation as an engineering control.
Distinguish between stock dividend and stock split by providing one relevant example. 
Explain FIVE (5) ways that can be practiced by the organization to communicate during the crisis. 
Can you find four different feelings Pa Lia had during the story?
Analyze the roles of web container or servlet container in a web server in the context of request response model.
Can you develop method to handle the following case . . . ? 
List the advantages and limitations of protein crystal structure determination using X-Ray crystallography. 
Discuss in detail the THREE (3) major asset allocation strategies in managing portfolio. 
Describe the amino acid composition that could destabilize an enzyme's helical stability. 
Compare and contrast the two items and produce a summary of their similarities and differences
Write a JAVA program to show the Overloading concept
Show that the wavefunction of a free particle is a plane wave. 
Soil algae and protozoa are usually restricted at the uppermost soil layers and smaller than their aquatic counterparts. Justify. 
List down ALL types of brick wall and give explanations for each type of the wall. 
Discuss FOUR (4) common modern construction problems to anticipate. 
Propose TWO (2) self-presentation tactics for impression management. 
Distinguish between chemically defined media and natural media.
Establish criteria for making this choice and defend your final selection.
Explain Greimas square tool and discuss how it can be applied the aviation industry.
Explain the reason why it is not necessary to include product cost (price or price times quantity) in the EOQ model, but the quantity discount model requires the inclusion of product cost. 
Explain the communicative property.
Choose any U.S. president and explain how he exercised his power as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces.
How does...compare/contrast with...?
Compute the duration for a five-year bond, RM1,000 par value bond with a 7 percent annual coupon which is trading at yield to maturity of 5 percent. 
State in your own words ...
Discuss the importance of Philip Crosby's suggestion on “do it right the first time” by manufacturing company. 
GIF and SWF file format can be used to create animations. Compare and state the major advantage and limitation of using GIF rather than SWF for creating animations in webpages.
Explain how the ionic, metallic, covalent, and mixed states solids are formed. Give an example of each solid and compare the electrical conductivity of the four types of solid. 
Compare and contrast Address Verification  System (AVS) and Card verification number (CVN).
Investigate innovations that can enhance future Olympics.
Explain THREE (3) advantages of using aluminium to fabricate roof gutter. 
Differentiate between electroosmosis and electrophoretic mobility of solutes in capillary electroosmosis. 
Draw ONE (1) self-contained format and ONE (1) free form format of logo design. 
State in one word ...
Explain the Media Richness Model. Use the model to discuss how managers can pick the best channel in communicating with staff and support your discussion with a scenario. 
In your own words, tell what is meant by the definition of an isosceles triangle.
Describe the major functions or roles of soil microbes that beneficially impact human health and welfare. 
List the SEVEN (7) stages of the development process of a building project. 
How was this similar to . . .?
Short term and long term incentives have their own merits in promoting corporate performance. Compare and contrast the problems associated with both short term and long term incentives. 
List and describe THREE (3) accounting cycles in an Accounting Information System.
Discuss FOUR (4) economic roles of money market. 
Compare product layout and process layout. 
Illustrate with example the FOUR (4) advantages of photography. 
Tell in your own words how the setting of the story made it more interesting.
Compare and contrast the waterfall model with the prototyping model.
Identify any TWO (2) advantages of matching demand strategy and level strategy each in preparing aggregate production plan. 
Briefly describe the advantages of marker assisted selection in farm animal breeding. 
Summarize the basic tenets of collaborative conservation.
Explain briefly the design development process.
Describe 4 types of coupling in software design.
analyze the positive and negative points presented concerning the abolition of guns and write a brief (2-3page) narrative of your analysis.
You attempt to purify a single protein X from a complex mixture of proteins. Protein X has a large number of aspartic and glutamic acid residues and no lysine, arginine or histidine residues. Suggest and explain a method to elute protein X from the column. 
Discuss the THREE (3) important fundamentals in basic economic concepts that are opportunity cost, efficient market and marginalism. 
What are the structure or functions of Congress
Oxidation is one of the most important thermal processes. Briefly explain the TWO (2) types of oxidation process. 
ABC inventory analysis is one of the methods used by manufacturing companies for effective inventory management. Explain your answer. 
Name the authors of...?
Differentiate between crossbreeding and linebreeding. 
State the pattern for expressing time in French.
Explain the FOUR (4) roles of media during a crisis. Support your explanation with an appropriate example for each role. 
Explain each inventory control method and suggest TWO (2) types of products for each method.
Classify types of corrosion inhibitors  
How would you feel if . . .?
Find the errors and rewrite the corrected codes.
Draw Production Possibilities Frontier and Trading Possibilities Frontier for Argentina and Mexico.

Suggest a way to deal with this scenario
 Inspect the size of the loaded data: how many objects and variables does the iris data matrix contain?
State the advantage of applying each step in the purification scheme. 
The Friesian cow, a dairy breed, is a product of selective breeding. Predict the problems that may occur during the selection of Friesian Cows. 
Define social commerce and discuss its advantages for e-marketers.
Choose a country that does not compete at the Olympics and explain why that country is not an Olympic member.
Explain how SWOT and Porter's techniques is applied in the manufacturing industries.
Discriminate the different parts of the story (introduction, development, climax, resolution.)
How do we efficiently combine multiple subject graphs to construct an aig with choice
Design costumes for the characters.
Differentiate between a wholesaler and a retailer.
Describe the term 'urbanization' and discuss how urbanization influences the development of marketing and advertising strategies.
Describe what happened at...?
Explain the process of ideas generation. 
Discuss how Resource Based View can be implemented in organizations to reinforce financial standing.
Express the following percentages as fractions in simplest form
List four types of clauses mentioned in the article
Identify SIX (6) factors to be considered when designing layout. 
Explain all the elements of multimedia with examples. 
Outline in your own words how the Leggo's Tomato Paste advertisement sells their product.
Letter of credit is a written promises to pay third party on clients behalf. Explain the functions of commercial letter of credit and standby letter of credit. 
Classify and briefly explain different computational methods used in analyzing flows in hydraulic engineering. 
List and describe THREE (3) accounting cycles in an Accounting Information System.
Davenport (2000) discusses four emerging trends to be considered in designing future enterprise systems. Analyze each emerging trend, its relevance and importance to the designing of future enterprise systems.
Explain THREE (3) waves of globalisation. 
Retell the story in your words.
State TWO examples for inorganic and organic contaminants, respectively. 
Why don’t you devise your own way to deal with . . .?
National income accounting refers to a set of rules and techniques that are used to measure the national income of a country. Explain EIGHT (8) significant factors of national income accounting. 
Outline THREE (3) uses of digital audio in the multimedia presentation.
According to many researchers, market inefficiencies do exist in most of the stock markets in the world and also known as market anomalies. This situation is contradicted to market efficiency hypothesis. Describe SIX (6) market inefficiencies that commonly happen in the stock markets. 
Recall locations of a historical events
Calculate the length of the projection of vector x on vector y. 
What do you think is the mass and why
Make a diagnosis or analyze a case study.
Judge the validity of arguments for and against astrology
Describe the advantages of Product Standardization. 
Besides Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA), name one other type of programmable logic device. 
Briefly explain why does surface tension remain constant once critical micelle concentration (CMC) is reached.
Compose music for a frog play.
Can you propose a model that would change . . . ?
You are working with SP Setia Properties as the Sales Manager for the following project. Discuss EIGHT (8) ways to increase profits of the project. 
Use Laplace to solve the following problems
Explain the physical meaning of transconductance. 
Discuss the implications of Efficient Market Hypothesis for Technician (Chartist) and Fundamentalist. 
What is a global variable?
Use tableau methods to prove that the following tableau is valid.
Explain the microbe-related coupling of carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen in a lake that is experiencing a sudden bloom of cyanobacteria due to anthropogenic fertilizer inputs. 
How would you distinguish between polymyositis and viral myositis in a 42-year-old man with weakness and a rash?
Suggest TWO (2) ways of managing knowledge that organization can perform in order to gain sustainable advantage in today's rapid changing market environment.
Starting from a point of equilibrium, explain the case of a decreasing - cost industry in a perfectly competitive market with the aid of diagram(s). 
Distinguish between stock dividend and stock split by providing one relevant example. 
Propose ONE (1) new local flavor Kit Kat for Malaysian consumers. Describe the need for the new flavor among the Malaysian consumer. 
Show how NLP techniques can be deployed in business.
Critically explain how our statuses, educational qualification and occupation affect our social stratification, social mobility and life chances.
Construct a basic diagram or figure to demonstrate your understandings on what Information System is.
Can you explain what is happening . . . what is meant . . .? 
“Transgenic technology is the best method used for crop improvement and that it should be the only method adopted in future”. Comment on the above statement and justify your explanation.
Evaluate the need for ethics in research.
In a building there is always concern with fire safety. List what aspects you would assess in order to achieve strict compliance in the building design. 
Can you think of an original way for collect and develop the . . . ?
List TWO (2) advantages and TWO (2) disadvantages of printed newspaper advertising.
Describe FIVE (5) techniques to achieve dominance. 
List FIVE (5) elements in downward communication.
Identify a property (commutative, additive, etc(
Prepare a research  proposal on a study that you have to conduct on the purchasing behaviour of teenagers in the Klang Valley.
The impact of using JSTL in software development can significantly reduce its development time. Prove that there is some truth in the statement.
Explain briefly the effectiveness of advertising based on strategy concept. 
Compare matching demand and level aggregate production planning. 
Write down Schrodinger's equation in one dimension and explain the meaning of each term of the equation. 
In computational methods of analyzing flows in rivers and channels, effects of turbulence are reflected in different ways depending on how the flow is modelled. Give examples of these models and explain the advantages and  shortcomings. 
For any points which fall under the curve, explain the combination of production for steel and bricks. 
Choose the best statements that apply ...
Provide TWO  (2) possible reasons why AirAsia  decide to offer this new online service.
Briefly describe FOUR principles in selecting and purchasing breeding stock. 
Create a storyboard for a sequel to your book. Use the same characters.
Apply laws of statistics to evaluate the reliability of a written test.
List the SEVEN (7) factors to be considered in the method of excavation and timbering. 
Apply shading to produce depth in drawing.
Distinguish between flat roof and pitched roof. 
Design  a possible website structure to teach writing skills to children aged 4-6. There should be at least 3 components.
Describe the components involved in the formation of a folded enzyme. 
Design the architecture of the software system based on the requirements defined in the Software Requirement Specification document
Select the best proposal for a proposed water treatment plant.
Describe Prisoner Dilemma in the context of game theory.
Define cation exchange capacity (CEC) and discuss how CEC influences the status of nutrients in soil. 
Please label the diagram below:
Mass media regularly use women in the mediuin of marketing and advertising. Discuss the possible negative consequences for various segments of the population and society. 
Explain FOUR (4) categories of unintentional crisis. Provide your answer with an appropriate example for each category. 
Summarize the basic tenets of deconstructionism.
Discuss the negative effects of advertising on children. 
List any five departments and discuss the relations between these departments and the importance of depending on each other.
Explain different approaches used in hydraulic engineering to achieve its objectives by giving examples. 
Compare the seasoning method between softwood and hardwood. 
Describe the principles of a coupled enzyme assay. 
Give the appropriate formula to calculate the kinetic energy of sodium. 
Define brainstorming process. 
State the significance of “Score” in the BlastX alignment. 
Create several scientific hypotheses to …
State the definition of application in Bloom's Taxonomy.
Explain how the future of social media can be explained by Web 3.0.  
Explain the possible uses described in class for the space to the left of the vertical line.
Apply the storytelling technique here to a little story of your own.
State TWO (2) subsystems of AIS. 
Explain how changes in amino acid ionization states could affect the catalytic activity of an enzyme. 
Briefly explain about Nyquist Theorem.
Classify the following substances as particle, atom, element, molecule, compound
List FIVE (5) categories of Intentional Crises and FIVE (5) categories of Unintentional Crises. 
Design a record, book or magazine cover for...
Explain creative brief. 
Compare this book to the last book you read.
Discuss FIVE (5) advantages of IBS compared to conventional in situ concrete. 
Identify whether the firm is in the short-run or long-run  equilibrium. Explain.
Identify the advantages and disadvantages of in situ and ex situ means of remediating polluted soils. 
Identify FOUR (4) factors that influence consumer behaviour. 
Explain the reasons of using a mixed-media approach by advertisers. 
Identify TEN (10) tips during the press conference. 
Discuss the actions of central bank towards monetary policy that will significantly influence Federal Funds Rate in short run. 
Briefly explain the difference between Form Load event and Form Activated  event.
The Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 and the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999 created impact on commercial banks and investment banks in the US. Explain each act in detail. 
Illustrate with a drawing the biochemical pathway for natural rubber biosynthesis, beginning with acetyl CoA. 
Briefly  explain  any  TWO  (2) observations  of information  technology trend using Moore's Law.
Draw a flowchart to accept a number and output its factorial.example 1: input 5 -> 5! = 5x4x3x2x1 -> output 120 
Compose a simple rap or rhyme about zoo animals.
Distinguish the difference between low pass filter and high pass filter.
List the steps involved in titration.
Illustrate the effect of an expansionary monetary policy. Justify your answer with an appropriate diagram. 
Determine the possible number of unique zygotes that could be produced upon successful mating. 
Determine if the winery is providing an amplifying or smoothing effect. 
 How are the adolescents with ASD similar of different from each other in their sources of communication breakdowns ?
Explain how e-mail agents work.
Discuss how far you agree with this statement with emphasis on circulation management of a newspaper company.
Write a logically organized argument in favor of a given position.
Show that the Fermi-Dirac function is a step function at T = 0 K. 
Explain, using appropriate examples, FIVE (5)  possible sources of data pollution in implementing data warehouse in the bank.
Look at the symbol. What is the symbol’s purpose on a map?
Briefly explain why a parallel solution with less number of synchronisation phases is more preferred than other solution with a lot of synchronisation phases.
Explain FIVE (5) disadvantages of out-of-home (OOH) advertising. 
Evaluate your sketch with ASSURE's model procedure. 
Describe focused task and how it can be used to teach grammar for low  proficiency students. 
Explain THREE (3) broad categories of e-commerce with examples.
Give FOUR (4) advantages of multimedia application in education.
Do you think . . . is a good or a bad thing?
Explain why the story has the title that it does.
Describe the FOUR (4) main phases of The Hawthorne Studies. Support your description with the significance of each of the phases. 
Define terms of trade and identify which country has an absolute advantage in the production of jade and diamond. 
Draw the energy band diagram of an 11-type semiconductor and explain how an electron-hole pair (EHP) is formed. State any assumptions you have made. 
 How would you compare SAS with the Visual Basic Application and SPSS for the processing and analysis of mainframe data
Design a building to house your study.
Critically appraise the five competitive forces encased within Porter's "FIVE FORCES" model within the context of a profit-oriented organization and discuss the threat posed to the firm by each of these forces.
Break down the components of a standard film camera and explain how they interact to make the machine work.
Name and briefly describe three types of column chromatography used in protein purification.
Discuss the factors that affect the stability of high-rise buildings.
Identify three mistakes from the passage and correct them.
Explain the purpose of human communication process. 
Compare this piece of music with the music recorded in CD quality. 
Identify FIVE (5) effects of organizational communication technology towards communication pattern. 
Discuss how Resource Based View can be implemented in organizations to reinforce financial standing.
Analyze the purpose of having a Purchasing Department in an organization.
Support your answers with TWO (2) examples in everyday life for each strategy. 
Explain FIVE (5) phases of graphic design process. 
Discuss ONE (1) advantage and ONE (1) disadvantage of BASIC and FORM based authentication mechanisms.
Can you explain what must have happened when . . .?
List out FOUR (4) benefits of using RFID.
Describe and sketch the THREE (3) types of brick bonding. 
Draw Production Possibilities Frontier and Trading Possibilities Frontier for Korea and Indonesia. 
Calculate for x in the following equation: 12x=36
Give FIVE (5) guidelines when creating storyboarding.
Identify which country has an absolute advantage in the production of sugar cane and blue agave.
Discuss the role of skimming and scanning as pre-reading activities. 
Compare two dog food commercials. What is the difference between them and how do they both sell their products?
Draw a color wheel diagram with primary and secondary color. 
Use a judge and jury to discuss the statement 'Children enjoy Anthony Browne's books because of the illustrations'.
Who is the first president   of USA
Support your answers with ONE (1) example from everyday life for ANY TWO factor. 
Demonstrate how this could work in an industry setting?
Critically appraise the five competitive forces encased within Porter's "Five Forces" model within the context of a profit-oriented organisation and discuss the threat posed to the firm by each of these forces.
State the five assumptions of an ideal diode. 
Describe how the increase of soil organic matter level may immobilize some nutrients in soil. 
Alavi and Leidner (2001) examine how information technology (IT) can be a key enabler in supporting four organizational knowledge management (KM) processes. Critically assess the role of IT in supporting the four KM processes.
What is part of this book did you like best. Tell why you like it?
Identify and explain another graphical diagram besides network diagram which is useful for planning and scheduling. Evaluate the graphical diagram. 
Briefly explain why coating a nanoparticle or surface with a polyelectrolyte (polymer with ionizable groups) is favourable. 
Companies must take reasonable steps to ensure that their investors enjoy equal access to material information. Briefly describe SIX (6) corporate disclosure policies under Main Market Listing Requirements (MMLR). 
Calculate the variance of demand for the winery. 
Consider a zero coupon bond with a par value of $1000 that has a current price of $436.19 and matures in 10 years. Compute its yield to maturity. 
Briefly describe the stages involved in sequence assembly for the whole genome shotgun methodology. 
Discuss THREE (3) factors influencing the conflict management process. Support each of your answers with ONE (1) relevant example. 
Explain in details FIVE (5) ways to make a brand name effective.
Demonstrate using the OPAC and your knowledge of library organization to find a book about turtles.
Identify THREE (3) classification system of economy. 
Can you differentiate between ethnic Chinese and ethnic Koreans
Define luxury consumption of plant nutrients. 
Explain FOUR (4) major forces which move water into wall claddings and measures to be taken to eliminate these problems. You are required to include illustrations in your explanation. 
Internal control system is among the most prominent monitoring mechanisms in promoting effective corporate governance. Assuming you are the manager of purchasing department, provide TWELVE (12) recommendations on how to prevent staffs from making personal gains from their positions.
Within an organization, each employee holds different roles in the informal communication networks. Explain any FOUR (4) roles with an example for each role. 
Find the reverse bias saturation current. 
Take a collection of photographs to demonstrate a particular point.
Draw a technology enhanced language learning classroom sketch for a grammar lesson with 10 low proficiency students, aged 13. You should include FIVE (5) basic technology facilities with label which are essential to the integration of technology in the classroom. 
Explain on Brand Piracy. 
Explain FIVE (5) advantages of out-of-home (OOH) advertising.
Sketch a diagram to illustrate the activities and products in the construction industry. 
Bitmap images imported into a Macromedia Flash presentation have limitations on how these images can be animated. Elaborate on these limitations that may affect the output of the animation created by Albert.
In Which part of the world does he live 
List and explain the reason why the aggregate demand curve is downward slopping.
Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) is a developing trend in media and technology. Predict the future of higher education with MOOC. 
State the forces stabilizing functional structure of enzyme which is most susceptible to drastic pH changes. Explain your answer using an example. 
The independence of external auditors is extremely critical due to their roles in providing true and fair view on a company financial position. Develop THREE (3) safeguards to reduce the threats on external auditors' independence. 
Propose TWO (2) strategies that a minority opinion can overtake the majority and be accepted. 
Explain THREE (3) advantages of MVC (Model View Controller) pattern in developing  web  applications.
Explain what is a datum level as used in site surveying for a building project. 
Analyze the product-market options that are available to Associated Meats Sdn Bhd.
Apply how semaphores and shared memory methods can be deployed to execute a particular task.
Explain the concept for the nature of building characteristics. 
Based on your knowledge on the physics of semiconductors, evaluate the limit for the minimum feature size of silicon MOSFET.
Identify and elaborate FOUR (4) determinants of an option's premium.
Distinguish clearly between power and authority.
For international marketers, economic factors are important. Explain why economic factors are important to them. 
Briefly describe the BLOSUM scoring matrix. 
Briefly explain the SIX (6) key activities involved in the conversion cycle of a manufacturing company. 
The Political-Legal Environment of the Home Country is included In International marketing and advertising. Explain the Trade Sanctions and Export and Import Controls. 
Sketch an experiment to see how plants grow in different kinds of soil.
Identify ONE (1) most likely error of the following quotation.
Use Java math class and write the java statement for d = 2 * 2 + y * 2.           
Explain on multimedia delivering on World Wide Web.
Draw and label an activity temperature profile for mesophilic and thermophilic enzymes. Provide explanation to this phenomenon.
State any FOUR (4) characteristics of valuable information.
Describe in your own words how to copy text from one program into another.
"Assume that there is one dominant firm in the industry that sets the price and then all the other firms in the industry behave like perfectly competitive price­ taking firms". By using appropriate diagrams, explain the underlying assumptions of the model stated in the statement.
Illustrate by using a real life example on explicit knowledge.
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that improve adolescents' sleep from the physiological psychology perspectives. 
MVC (Model View Controller) leads to low coupling". Justify.
Describe graphic design. 
Define the meaning of the Olympic Motto.
Divide the story into initiating event, rising action, climax, and falling action
Explain formal network. 
Compare Calliope with Howie. Use the word bank.
Draw and label a titration curve for glutamic acid. Calculate the isoelectric point. 
Define economic growth. List and explain how the public policies can promote economic growth. 
Describe the interactions involved in stabilization of enzyme's quaternary structure. Explain which of these interactions is the least likely to be affected by denaturation at a liquid-liquid interface. 
Write a short story relating a personal experience in the style of a picaresque novel.
structure, sorts the list in ascending order, displays the list on the screen and stores the list
Name FOUR (4) types of soil in-situ field test and its application. 
Relate topographic map to field features
Judge whether Olympic Ideals are realistic or unrealistic for the contemporary elite athlete.
What can I do to investigate this problem further
Explain THREE (3) conditions where cantilever scaffolding is applied. 
Explain how transactions are audited in an electronic data interchange environment. 
Compare how different children come to school.
Organize this book into three or more sections and give your own subtitle for each section.
Rate the following recommendations and set the priority _____.
Propose Java Web architecture diagram for the above case study and explain.
Advise Smith on any FIVE (5) types of information which should be included in the website.
Draw a diagram to illustrate the Edman degradation reaction in protein sequencing. 
Briefly discuss how the use of manure, organic by-products and commercial fertilizers have changed over time. 
Discuss FOUR (4) key components that involve in explaining an organizational crisis. Explain your answer with an example for each component. 
Write the first pair of standardised canonical variates.
Predict the challenge to implement an augmented  reality  application  in  UTAR campus.
Video got its start on cathode ray tube television systems, but has moved on to be used in many more applications. Relate the video transmission on television sets and computer monitors with interlacing and progressive  scan techniques
Examine FIVE (5) advantages of using video as instructional materials to primary school students. 
Describe the features of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) as an isozyme. Discuss the diagnostic importance of LDH.
Calculate the equilibrium level of income for this economy. 
Examine the connection and connectionless protocols using appropriate examples.
If interest were compounded monthly instead of daily, what would the difference in interest be?
Describe the TWO (2) key differences between perfect competition and monopolistic competition. 
Enzyme therapy is applied clinically to treat Gaucher disease. Describe the cause of the disease, the therapeutic enzyme and its function. 
Show how they have used creative writing strategies appropriate to the format
  Use the unification algorithm to determine whether the following two terms are uni_able. Show intermediate step
Write a statement to set the visibility property of Label1 to the checked property of checkBox1.
Define liberal art.
Discuss the level of trust consumers place in digital media, and how that trust helps or hinders e-marketers. 
Evaluate appropriate and inappropriate actions of characters.
Justify your choice of data structure.
Construct a product structure. Identify components. 
parents, and components.
Specify TWO (2) limitations of k-means clustering.
State the four different bias modes of a BJT and explain how they are obtained. 
Briefly discuss any TWO (2) consequences for whistle-blowing activity.
Decide which candidate would best fill the position of principal.
Marketers theorize that just as humans pass through stages in life from infancy to old age, products also pass through a product life cycle. Explain all FOUR (4) stages of a product life cycle. 
There is always an appeal for institutional shareholders to assume an active role in corporate governance. Create a list of key recommendations for institutional shareholders activism based on Myners Report (1995).
Justify which digital video file format you would use for your movie.
Predict what happens to X if Y increases.
Discuss the extent to which it is feasible for a company to 'operationalise' its social responsibility Spirations, that is, whether it is possible to bring these considerations into strategic decision-making in a programmed or systematic way.
Primary structure of a protein plays a significant role in determining the native structure or the protein fold. Comment on the statement. 
Suggest a house-style and editorial policies for your newly introduced newspaper targeted at young readers aged between 15 to 25 years.
When did you born ?
Explain how Porter's concept can be used in education domain.
Based on the above dataType class, list all the function members
Distinguish Paradox of the Commons from Tragedy of the Commons.
Define soil bioremediation. 
Majority shareholders may be opportunistic at the expense of minority  shareholders due to their controlling stake in the company. Explain majority agency problem in the context of corporate governance. 
Provide THREE (3) justification on how would the university community be encouraged to place orders and become loyal customers.
Briefly describe the hierarchical classification of proteins using CATH classification. 
As a fermentation technologist, you are required to maximise the production of citric acid through chemostat process. The chemostat process is going to be operated at dilution rate of 0.25 h-1 with 30 g/L of sucrose concentration in the feeding tank. Evaluate the possibilities in employing chemostat for citric acid production.
Distinguish automatic processing and controlled processing of information. Support your answer with TWO (2) relevant examples. Elaborate your examples in details. 
Compare and contrast Address Verification  System (AVS) and Card verification number (CVN).
Name the enzyme commonly used to detect liver damage or muscle damage in clinical diagnosis.
Optimization of medium and culture conditions of a fermentation process can be conducted by using multifactor experimental design or response surface optimization. With aid of a flow chart, compare and contrast these two methods.
Examine cross-docking warehouse layout. 
By assuming other factors (pH, water content and etc.) are being equal in clay loam and sandy loam, state which soil would be expected to have higher organic matter content. Justify your answer. 
Discuss the components that are integral to the internal control framework in a public listed company. 
Explain and differentiate between TWO types of aggregations when colloidal particles are unstable.
Elaborate FOUR (4) advantages of using Web 2.0 and 3.0 in teaching and learning. 
Identify FOUR (4) types of key publics that McDonald's Malaysia has to notify about the crisis. Explain your answer with appropriate example for each of the publics. 
Evaluate your own or a peer's essay in terms of the principles of composition discussed during the semester.
Discuss THREE mechanisms of vegetative reproduction that make certain weeds successful in establishment. 
Explain how SWOT and Porter's techniques is applied in the manufacturing industries.
Describe the 5 hierarchical stages of Welliver's Instructional Transformation Model. 
Discuss the extent to which the existence of a conflict between a company's objectives is acceptable.
In a table, list EIGHT differences between GenBank and RefSeq DNA sequences. 
Being a technopreneur means dealing with innovation. Define what innovation is and also propose FOUR (4) types of innovations you can have in your organization.
Distinguish between micro and macro economics.
Find the velocity and wavelength of the electron. 
Summarize this magazine article.
Discuss the differences between a stick diagram and an actual layout. 
Assess THREE (3) brain structures that are associated with wakefulness, arousal, and sleep. Elaborate your answers with example. 
Construct a market strategy for your product using a known strategy as a model.
List the five groupings of amino acids based on the R groups, Give one example for each group. 
Construct an executive remuneration package using the remuneration framework as a guide. 
Specify the thickness of a galvanized coating based on atmospheric data? (level 2) 
Give the difference between parameter and formal parameter.
Evaluate whether their model is a true representation of the local environment.
Can you apply the method used to some experience of your own . . .?
Evaluate the corrosion monitoring needs of a chemical processing plant 
Determine which country enjoys comparative advantage in the production of cotton and silk respectively. Support your answer by calculating the opportunity costs of each. 
Apply the zero length suppression on the token stream.
Concisely define what SWOT analysis is and state why it is frequently producing conflicting views.
Discuss factors which could contribute to changes in the sugar compositions of cocoa beans during fermentation. 
Discuss what world-class producers do in regards to product or service design and process design. 
How does public health reporting differ today from reporting two years before
Discuss issues of defining “weeds”. 
Draw a technology enhanced language learning classroom sketch for a writing lesson with 12 high proficiency students, aged 10. You should include FIVE (5) basic technology facilities with label which are essential to the integration of technology in the classroom. 
List the attributes of the following shape.
Differentiate between general controls and application controls. Provide ONE (1) example for each. 
How does Tdap differ from Td vaccine
List the levels in Bloom's Taxonomy.
Draw a diagram to illustrate the Edman degradation reaction in protein sequencing. 
Construct a basic diagram or figure to demonstrate your understandings on what Information System is.
Identify one problem in the book and give an alternate solution one not given by the author.
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that facilitate healthy adolescence development from the physiological psychology perspectives. Elaborate your answers with examples. 
Contrast the Valles Marineris on Mars with the Grand Canyon
How to inspect and maintain fresh water plumbing systems properly
There are several benefits for the statement of aims and learning outcomes in a lesson. Evaluate FIVE (5) benefits. 
List TEN (10) components of an effective crisis communication plan.
Describe the function of International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Explain the underlying assumptions of the price-leadership model by using appropriate diagrams.
“Domestication of animals does not influence human behavior and lifestyle.” State whether you agree or disagree with the statement. Justify your answer. 
Explain in your own words what a recessive gene is.
Name all the characters in the story.
Describe the flow of MOET procedures in cattle breeding. 
Glass is known to have good qualities and properties related to thermal and sound insulations. Discuss the application of glass in the construction of green building.
  Describe and compare the role of Islamic law in the legal systems of Malaysia and Pakistan
Illustrate  your understanding for oligopoly competition and monopolistic competition using ONE (1) real life example for each.
 Construct a family of networks to demonstrate that the number of different mincuts in a network can be exponential in the size of the network
What is the title of the first movie you saw 
Fill in the detail of typeface properties base on the following illustration.
Recommend THREE (3) factors to be  taken  into  consideration  on  the preparation of digital video delivery via low bandwidth networks and low-end computer systems.
Draw the flow chart of the PNK system
Explain distributive bargaining and integrative bargaining. 
Justify and nominate ways to prevent animal extinction.
Given an argument on any position, enumerate the logical fallacies in that argument.
Compute the distance between the two points with the following formula.
Analyze FIVE (5) disadvantages of multimedia in education. 
Draw similar repetition and interval repetition. 
Define Bank Capital and elaborate the functions of Bank Capital.
List any THREE (3) practical approaches for payment collection  in revenue cycle.
In your opinion,  provide  any  TWO  (2)  reasons  why  the  actions  of  one  firm  can significantly affect the sales of the other firms in an oligopoly market. 
 Examine carefully the given map extract on the following page to help you work out the exercise below.
Evaluate the types of power Benjamin Fang is exercising in Sun Plantations and explain how this is being eroded by the changes taking place in the environment.
Describe about application and web servers.
Describe Impressionism art style. 
State the main missions of National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI). 
Critically discuss the quote above and explain FIVE(5) ways the interest groups can be more effective with relevant examples.
when did the first saudi radio station open
Describe how soils are involved in the greenhouse effects. 
Suggest a procedure which uses k-means as a subroutine with a better chance than k-means in obtaining good clustering.
Define the term Radio Frequency Identification (RFID).
Make a list of the main events of the story.
List TWO (2) importance of using instructional materials in teaching.
Describe the limitations of using ribozyme as a catalyst. 
 Compare and contrast two treatments of either drapery or animals by Greek sculptors, establishing their artistic contexts
Explain the price discriminations that associated with monopoly.
Differentiate between phenylpropanoids and alkaloids in terms of structure, functions and applications. 
Show in a step by step manner how TQM can be implemented successfully in education sector.
Draw a painting that uses various principles of perspective to achieve its effect.
Sketch a graph that associates with a monopoly. Find the profit-maximizing level of output and label it as q*. Find the price that firm should charge and label it as P*. Explain how the profit-maximizing output and price the firm should charge are determined. Explain what the firm should do if marginal revenue is higher than marginal cost. 
Draw 3 pictures showing the beginning, middle and ending of the story.
Suggest your recommendation on the investment of KMK Corporation's common stock, if the stock price is traded at $25 currently. 
Explain the differences between volatile and non-volatile storage.
Explain the double meaning the author attributes to the term "successive action descriptions"
What would you cite to defend the actions . . . ? 
Define and list out the objectives of monetary policy, the quantitative versus qualitative instruments of monetary policy.
In your own words, how would you summarize the story up 
Evaluate your sketch with ADDIE's model procedure. 
Evaluate the performance of Malaysian newspapers and comment on what you think they should do to win back readers, particularly those who show preference for online news.
Compare the gravity retaining wall, semi gravity retaining wall and cantilever retaining wall in the aspects of shape design, maximum height and method of construction. 
Elaborate on the design and production process including the rational and economic use of resources that influence the development of a building. 
The option's premium represents the price of the option that change over time. Discuss FOUR (4) factors that affecting premium of an option.
John Watson passed away and left behind a legal child, Mary Watson, as well as two girlfriends, Susan and Petty, who were in their 8 week of gestation. Susan claimed that she bore an illegitimate child of John Watson. Propose and design the most suitable paternity experiment to prove Susan's claim. You may outline your experiment using schematic diagram(s). 
Discuss the extent to which Value Chain Analysis can be applied in the logistics sector.
Money growth is always interrelated with inflation phenomenon. Explain how the growth of money will affect the economy when the economy is operating at the full capacity. Illustrate by using an appropriate diagram.
Besides LOCOS, name TWO (2) other applications which require thermal processes. 
Develop a proof ... and justify each step ... 
Examine the two roles and show how newspaper managers can successfully draw a balance between their economic role and social role.   
Evaluate the benefits and drawbacks of artificial drainage. 
Invent a machine to do a specific task.
List important information you can remember from lesson….
Explain why mycorrhizal fungi are important for phosphorus availability in soil. 
Calculate the level of output needed to be achieved by Cambodia in order to maintain a balanced trade account.
Prepare a research  proposal on a study that you have to conduct on the purchasing behaviour of teenagers in the Klang Valley.
Define the Demographic characteristics.
Briefly describe the general properties of plastic in terms of strength and durability. Comment also why plastic is not suitable to use as reinforcement bar for concrete structure. 
Describe what took place as the Hato was sinking.
State the guidelines to design an anodic protection system
Paraphrase what Hamlet is saying in his soliloquy.
How many states are there in USA
Explain how the heart is like a pump.
Differentiate the properties between clay brick and autoclave aerated concrete (AAC) block in term of compressive strength, density, colour, acoustic performance and thermal insulation. 
Justify why company XYZ needs to use expert systems
List four traits commonly used for the development of transgenic crops.
Name the amino acid residues with the single letter code "EQRNHL". 
How do I differentiate between "deceive" and "cheat on"?
Illustrate  by  using  a  real  life  example  on  the  possible  relationship between data, information and knowledge.
Describe the electrokinetic phenomenon. 
How can you categorize ____ according to...?
Describe  briefly  how  an  image  can  be  represented  by  chain  coding  and moments.
State and discuss on the general features of authoring tool.
Describe the main disadvantage of palm oil with an indigenous broad melting interval ranging from -20 to 50°C. Refined palm oil is further processed to improve its marketable value. Discuss this process in relation to the secondary products from refined palm oil. 
Draw the hexapeptide Gly-Phe-Asp-Leu-Ala-Glu. Identify the formation of hydrogen bonding in an a-helix form of this hexapeptide.
Write an appropriate learning outcome to teach “in”, “on”, beside', 'opposite and 'under. 
Each of the FOUR (4) different historical perspectives have a unique outlook on Educational Technology and defines it in a slightly different way. List and discuss the FOUR (4) perspectives. 
State the conditions necessary for the formation of enzyme's quaternary structure. Explain how quaternary structure could contribute to enzyme stability. 
Compare the electrical conductivity of an insulator and a semiconductor at room temperature by using the energy band diagram. 
Sleep is a local phenomenon. Explain how this is possible. Provide TWO (2) examples to illustrate this. 
The key success of Arnold Palmer Hospital is its implementation of Total Quality Management (TQM) Programme. Describe FIVE (5) principles of TQM Programme which have been adopted by the aforesaid hospital. 
Critically analyze and discuss the problems with secondary data. Provide relevant examples to support your answer.
Relate cycle-time reduction to improved performance. Justify your answer.
Describe the output of this program fragment:
Define profit. Briefly explain how accounting profit is different from economic profit.
Categorize FIVE (5) advantages of multimedia in primary school education. 
Identify ONE (1) most likely error of the following quotation.
Define 2 dimensional and 3 dimensional designs. 
Explain why bogs are considered to be a "carbon sink". 
Name two super secondary structures found within enzymes which involved formation of a-helices. Describe how the a-helices could be maintained in an enzyme. 
Discuss any FOUR (4) underlying principles of lean manufacturing approach. 
Illustrate type driven layout design for a poster. 
List any THREE (3) pairs of system functions that should be separated in the centralized computer services organization and describe a risk exposure if the functions are not separated. 
State the four different bias modes of a BJT and explain how they are obtained. 
Compose a device that would assist an athlete in their training.
E-mail newsletters are still popular communication strategy for digital marketers. Suggest FIVE (5) ways to engage with your newsletters subscribers. 
How would you classify the geographic location of your school
Analyze the effect of similarity-dissimilarity on attraction by using TWO (2) theories. 
Evaluate board games and justify why rules are important.
Trace the value of alpha after the following code executes. int alpha[5];int j;alpha[0] = 5;for (j = 1; j < 5; j++){if(j % 2 == 0)alpha[j] = alpha[j – 1] + 2;else alpha[j] = alpha[j – 1] + 3;}
Draw a picture of the bears' house.
Write short notes on the structure and functions of polysaccharides by giving relevant example. 
Define the term Radio Frequency Identification (RFID).
With respect to the data processing cycle of an organisation, explain the "garbage in, garbage out". Briefly discuss on the measures to be taken by the companies to avoid “garbage in" data input errors. 
Predict FIVE (5) impacts of the crisis towards McDonald's Malaysia if they are not handling the crisis properly. 
Describe in your own words how to borrow a book from the library.
What factors would you change if . . .?
Explain FOUR (4) benefits of using Digital-Out-Of-Home in advertising. 
Pre-cast concrete retaining walls may be constructed with any or all of the joints. Describe the THREE (3) types of joints used. 
Differentiate between qualitative research and quantitative research in terms of their goal and design.
State which market structure adopts this practice. List and briefly explain what are the conditions needed for this practice to be successful.
Explain three (3) ways in which JIT and quality are related. 
Apply the run length encoding on the token stream.
State THREE traits that are associated with invasive plants.
State FOUR (4) basic business activities that are performed in the revenue cycle.
Create an advertising campaign
Write FOUR (4) purposes of poster. 
Briefly  discuss  how  TQM  could  be  applied  m  the  management  of  the newspapers' editorials.
Discuss FOUR (4) reasons why Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) is not the best model to estimate returns. 
Differentiate between contact and systemic herbicides. 
Evaluate a work of art, giving the reasons for your evaluation.
Determine  which  sub-stage that the  deal  is currently  in for the  following cases.
Name the two classes of monosaccharide. Draw and name the simplest structure of molecule in each class. 
Name the following conserved amino acids with their corresponding single letter codes: WMEADK.
Define and explain reinvestment risk with an example. 
Describe SIX (6) factors that are affecting supply in the construction industry. 
Explain THREE (3) differences of Red Green Blue (RGB) and Cyan Magenta Yellow (CMY).
Explain the basic concepts in construction economics as introduced by Myers (2017).
How much data can be stored in the cach memory
Define allelopathy and list how allelopathic substance enters the environment. 
Give ONE example of aspartic protease. Describe the mechanism of aspartic protease in relation to how pH affects its activity. 
Draw a Picture Window layout design. 
Provide THREE (3) examples of input devices.
Provide a guideline for effective use of photography of display materials" in teaching of English language. 
Calculate the total cost per year, including the cost of the lights. 
Discuss the effectiveness of using Expression Language (EL) compared to other methods in JSP.
Draw the band diagram of a reverse biased pn junction. With reference to the band diagram and charge carriers, explain why there is negligible current flow in the diode. 
Briefly  discuss  how  TQM  could  be  applied  m  the  management  of  the newspapers' editorials.
Banks act as an important institution in the financial system. Briefly explain what a bank run is and provide THREE (3) causes that lead to its occurrence. 
Define the term 'Production Possibility Curve' as used in the timber and steel factory. 
Explain TWO (2) components of art. 
Evaluate the nature and effect of significant "entry barriers" on the formulation of a strategic plan for a business which is already established in the industry.
Briefly discuss any THREE (3) specific internet technologies or tools that are commonly found in providing support for business activities.
CATH and SCOP are databases that hierarchically classify protein domains according to their structures. Describe the CATH protein classification system. 
How do teenagers use code in emails and instant messages?
How would you classify the type of ...?
Explain why it is important for the width of the base quasineutral region to be small compared to the minority carrier diffusion length in the operation of a BJT.
Briefly describe how riparian forests help in  reducing nitrate contamination in rivers reducing nitrate and streams. 
Analyze safe and dangerous aspects of these features.
Choose and illustrate the two most important events in the story.
Comment on the validity of your answer.
Discuss the significance of hydrophobicity plot in transmembrane protein research. 
Describe dictogloss and how it can be used to teach listening, writing and  speaking skills for intermediate proficiency students. 
Make up a new language code and write material using it.
Leaders  often  face  a  dilemma  because  of  a  perceived  conflict  between  the realm of business and the realm of ethics. Compare the characteristics  of leaders who follow a strict rational  self-interest  approach  with  those  who take an ethical approach.
Critically discuss how demographic characteristics would affect a product development in a foreign market.
"Microsatellite tandem repeats are abundant in human promoters and are associated with regulatory activity (Sawaya et al., 2013).” Discuss the statement and support your views with examples. 
Describe nuclear transport to a lay person.
What criteria would you use to evaluate if your answer is correct?
Distinguish facts from hypotheses
Briefly describe FIVE (5) general types of factors of production.
Prepare a case to present, and evaluate your view about ...
Write short notes on the structure of RNA. 
Suggest any THREE (3) specific ways with elaborations on how this new business may utilize the Internet technology to achieve cost efficiency.
Explain the development process for a building construction.
In soil pH, define buffering and explain why it is important in soils. 
Suggest any FIVE (5) dimensions of service quality that could be taken into consideration by the kindergarten management for its future operations improvement. 
Describe the Pareto Principle in statistical software quality assurance.
There are TWO (2) common methods used in the semiconductor industry to fabricate single crystal silicon. Analyze the advantage and disadvantage of both methods. 
Define solvency and liquidity. Give some simple strategies that banks can follow to avoid insolvency or illiquidity. State reasons banks might option not to adopt these strategies. 
Explain in one's own words how to create a query in a database.
Based on your knowledge, describe TWO (2) foreign bonds that are well known in the market. 
Assess the reason for hazard communication and the mode of communication practice for chemical safety at worksite.
Can you solve the following problem 
Given a graph of production trends in automobiles, describe what the graph represents in a memo to your boss.
Recall the following pictoral example of an implementation of some queue operations
Define brand audit.
Summarize a story in own words.
Examine the stated positions of both major political candidates with regard to a particular issue and state good reasons (based on principles discussed in class) for why one candidates position is more likely to be effective than the other's.
How would you differentiate a project from a program
Explain one (1) major advantage, and one (1) major disadvantage, of a fixed period system. 
Explain THREE (3) reasons why AD curve is downward sloping.
From your opinion, explain which one of the methods mentioned earlier is better for the given token stream.
Suggest THREE (3) ethical considerations that ANA advertisers should take into account in designing commercials.
Support your answers with ONE (1) example in everyday life for each strategy. 
Compare between URL, re-writing and Hidden Form field methods in respect of similarities and differences in the context of session management in Web environment.
How would you change the story to create a different ending?
Briefly explain why formation of solid forms in final product such as glasses and bottles in glass industry is a disadvantage. 
Memorize and recall the periodic table
Identify PayPal's business model.
Illustrate the stages of product approach of teaching ESL writing. Use appropriate examples. 
Briefly describe TEN (10) general characteristic of hardened concrete. 
List reserved words in C programming.
Predict whether Phillip will ever go back to visit the Cay after several years of recovery. Assuming he gets his sight back.
If you had access to all resources how would you deal with . . .?
Suggest any THREE (3) specific ways with elaborations on how this new business may utilize the Internet technology to achieve cost efficiency.
Calculate the inventory turnover. 
Describe SIX (6) functional requirements of walls. 
Discuss  the role  of  restriction  and  aggregation  in reducing  the  quantity  of data and obtaining useful information from a data warehouse.
Construct a simple payroll program that computes net pay for those working 40 hours or less and net pay for those working over 40 hours.
Discuss the extent to which it is feasible for a company to 'operationalise' its social responsibility Spirations, that is, whether it is possible to bring these considerations into strategic decision-making in a programmed or systematic way.
How was life different in your town 100 years ago?
Briefly explain FOUR (4) advantages and disadvantages of option trading. 
Judge the value of . . .?
Make a radio announcement that advertise the book. Write it out.
State two differences between a JFET and a BJT. 
Distinguish between 'Trench' and 'Pier holes/ Pits' construction excavation. 
Construct a dictionary and a truth table to determine if the following statements are logically equivalent
Can you defend your position about . . .?
Write a letter to the editor on a social issue of concern to you.
Explain the creation of an electron-hole pair in an intrinsic Si semiconductor at room temperature by using the covalent bonding picture. 
Based  on  your  understanding,  highlight  THREE  (3)  differences  between vector graphics and bitmap images.
Give the enzyme group number and name for acetylcholine esterase. Describe the non-covalent interactions used by acetylcholine esterase for substrate binding.
Suggest a technique that can overcome the problem of non-reusability for industrial enzyme applications. 
Examine the use of pedagogical reasoning skills by teachers to enhance the usage of instructional materials in classroom. 
Explain the components of CRM that Citibank used.
State your recommended solution with justification.
Formulate the profit for the company. 
Explain the trading behavior of hedger, speculator and arbitrageur.
Describe the three (3) ways in which JIT and quality are related. 
Express the rule in function notation
"Economists state that both allocative and productive efficiencies are realized in the long-run equilibrium of a monopolistically competitive market". State whether you agree or disagree with the statement. Graphically illustrate and explain the statement. 
About what proportion of the population of the US is living on farms?
Name the artist who painted the Mona Lisa.
List FOUR conditions required in order for an animal population to remain at Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium.
State TWO phenomena that affect the stabilization of colloidal nanoparticles in aqueous medium. 
Discuss why the fertility program for potted plants is different from field crops. 
Express the following systems in matrix form
List the characteristics peculiar to the Cubist movement.
Discuss, using appropriate examples, how OLAP operations would benefit in the credit card company.
Draw Production Possibilities Frontier and Trading Possibilities Frontier for China and South Africa.
Select a local 'HOMEGROWN' brand and discuss its international marketing mix.
Explain the CRM implementation in Chola MS.
Which of the following is the method for determining the volume of a cylinder?
Base on the case study given, summarize THREE (3) ISM security problems.
Analyze the characteristics of frogs.
Discuss the roles of construction industry in a country's growth. Provide evidences on how construction industries worldwide have contributed to the economic growths of their respective countries to enhance your discussions.
Describe the circumstances when tertiary treatment of wastewater is necessary. 
Propose a set of alternatives for reducing dependence on fossil fuels that address both economic and environmental concerns.
Reason why hunger cannot be simplified as yet another homeostatic process. Provide TWO (2) points. 
Given two possible solutions, A and B, to solving the given software development problem, decide on the best solution. Give your justification.
Use Gauss’ Law to find the electric field between the plates when the charge on them is Q
Propose TWO (2) strategies to resist persuasion. 
 would you classify the zener diode in this circuit as a series voltage regulator or a shunt voltage regulator
Evaluate the three specific effects caused by the applications of information technology on the nature of competition.
Market research firms and product review sites are examples of infomediary. Discuss the role and benefits of an infomediary model in the online distribution system. 
Informal communication network roles are equally important as formal ones. Describe any FOUR (4) of the influential roles and discuss the benefits each of the roles can bring to organizations. 
Explain the packaging and labeling decisions. 
Summarize Jem’s beliefs about Boo Radley
Are there students who should not use the Cornell method?
Define “biogeochemical cycling” and discuss its importance to the ecosystem and survival of living organisms. 
Just-in-time (JIT) attempts to remove delays, which do not add value. Explain how JIT copes with weather and its impact on crop harvest and transportation times. 
Assess the reason for hazard communication and the mode of communication practice for chemical safety at worksite.
Highlight  THREE  (3) differences  between  bitmap  images  and  vector  graphics.
Assume that Japan is currently operating at the natural level of output. Investor is optimistic about the future due to the outstanding performance in the stock market. Explain the effect of event to the price level and output level in the short run and long run in Japan by using an appropriate diagram.
For any points which fall outside the curve, explain the combination of production for steel and bricks. 
Briefly explain the Auger process. 
PEST and SWOT are popular strategy tools. Discuss how the TWO(2) tools can be applied in manufacturing business environment.
Define the basic concepts of Educational Technology. 
Explain why a 30-second video clip (containing 25 frames per second) will occupy less disk space than 750 JPEG images of the same size.
Immobilization enables industrial enzymes to be used repeatedly. List THREE advantages of immobilized enzyme and give an example of large scale application of immobilized enzyme in industry.
Propose any TWO (2) alternative solutions from organization structures perspective to facilitate the KM practice. Justify your answers with short elaborations.
 How do we differentiate between an interview and an interrogation?
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using laccase-based de colorization treatment.
Compare and contrast animals that the class has made.
How would you express ________________?
Critically analyze and discuss the problems with secondary data. Provide relevant examples to support your answer.
Synthesize the need for ventilation as an engineering control.
Create a new product. Give it a name and plan a marketing campaign.
Alavi and Leidner (2001) examine how information technology (IT) can be a key enabler in supporting four organizational knowledge management (KM) processes. Critically assess the role of IT in supporting the four KM processes.
Show in a step by step manner how TQM can be implemented successfully in education sector.
Compare Zener breakdown with avalanche breakdown in a pn junction and state THREE differences. Name a device that utilizes each breakdown mode. 
Contrast B-mode and A-mode ultrasound systems. 
Igneous rock can be formed either underground or above ground. Elaborate. 
Explain how RFID provides value to businesses.
How is . . . similar to . . .?
Explain the consideration of pricing objectives in marketing mix. 
Determine the values of government multiplier and tax multiplier in open economy for Japan. Explain which multiplier has greater impact on the economy. 
Calculate the number of bytes required to store a minute of stereo sound at DVD quality with the resolution of 32 bits. Show your working and calculation.
Explain the main difference between uncompetitive and noncompetitive inhibitors. 
Contrast TWO (2) differences between a data mart and a data warehouse.
Discover FOUR (4) characteristic of IT infrastructure to be considered.
Explain FOUR (4) benefits of mutual fund investment. 
Suggest a type of metal for reinforcing a concrete structure.
Explain in detail the Maslow Hierarchy of Needs. 
Using Marginal approach, explain and identify how many unit of CD players should the firm producer per day if its goal is to maximize its profit.
You attempt to purify a single protein X from a complex mixture of proteins. Protein X has a large number of aspartic and glutamic acid residues and no lysine, arginine or histidine residues. Propose an adsorption column chromatography technique which could retain protein X but elute other contaminants at pH 7. State your assumption(s). 
Explain the differences between ethical dilemma and ethical lapse.
Calculate the variance of orders for the glass bottles. 
Draw a diagram to illustrate the Edman degradation reaction in protein sequencing. Describe some potential complications during Edman degradation protein sequencing. 
Define teachers' Pedagogical Reasoning Skills and explain how it helps teachers use instructional materials in classroom. 
Describe characteristics and importance of secondary market. 
Market anomalies are research findings that do not support market efficiency hypothesis; that is, they are evidence that inefficiencies do exist. Discuss FIVE (5) common market anomalies. 
Give FIVE (5) examples of how a song can enhance a literature class, with an elaboration for each example given. 
Support your views with TWO (2) examples in everyday life for each tactic. 
Critically review the strengths, weaknesses,  opportunities and threats of Associated Meats Sdn Bhd in light of the forecast trends and developments.
List and explain TWO simple techniques used to prepare colloids by mean of dispersion. Use simple diagrams to clarify the explanation.
Construct an analog circuit with the following specifications
Identify which word begins with the same sound as the s in sun (Knowledge of letter s)
Construct a DNA based cladogram using neighbour-joining approach, and suggest the relationship of S, M, and D species. 
Scaling methods can improve the performance of the web site. Propose to Jane which scaling method suit her current business needs. Justify your answer.
How does Hawaii contrast and compare to Florida?
Examine how conventional newspaper can continue to maintain its circulation with the easy access to alternative information on the web.
Tell how Phillip kept himself alive after Timothy died.
How can you distinguish the different parts of_____?
Investigate whether or not the system can be solved for x; y; z 
Write what you might have done.
Restate the Olympic motto in your own words.
Three sales sub-stages: qualification, proposition and negotiation are included in both OpenERP and SugarCRM, before a deal is won. Give a brief description of these sub-stages.
Explain 4P's of marketing. 
Dopamine and glutamate have both been implicated as causes of schizophrenia. Discuss THREE (3) evidences each in relation to the dopamine and glutamate theories of schizophrenia. 
Classify animals into two groups.
Justify the title To Kill a Mockingbird .
Determine the type of MOSFET. 
Compare how the internal rate of return (IRR) method, Net Present Value (NPV) and modified internal rate of return (MIRR) method is different.
Evaluate the appropriateness of drugs advertising by the pharmaceutical firms.
Name three 19th-century women English authors.
Explain how human capital can lead to economic growth. 
Solve the following optimization problem by using the golden section search method and terminate the computation when the length of the interval.  
Compare the formation process between igneous rock and sedimentary rocks. 
How to specify the impact energy and impact test temperature of the material in the Code
Determine the values of Cambodia's government spending multiplier in closed and open economy. Explain which multiplier has the greater impact on the Cambodia economy. 
Explain the case study research method and distinguish between single and multiple case study design.
In one sentence explain the main idea of a written passage.
Illustrate what you think the main idea was.
Compose a complete C program that reads text strings from a text file into a suitable data
how the investigation was undertaken
Briefly explain what a Repo is. 
Identify  THREE  (3) possible  threats  you  should  anticipate  for this Internet-based business.
Give TWO examples of natural and artificial means of the seed dispersal of weeds respectively. 
Davenport (2000) discusses four emerging trends to be considered in designing future enterprise systems. Analyze each emerging trend, its relevance and importance to the designing of future enterprise systems.
Pretend you are one of the characters in the book. Write a diary about the happenings in your life for two consecutive days.
Briefly describe TWO mating methods of commercial importance for the production of fertilised eggs from breeder birds. 
Compare and contrast continuous and discontinuous replications. 
Evaluate your sketch with ADDIE's model procedure.
Describe the significance of concrete as a primary material in today's construction. 
By using appropriate diagrams, explain how a decreasing cost industry affects the long-run supply curve in a perfectly competitive market.
List THREE factors that influence the type of irrigation used in agriculture. 
Create several different strategies to solve a mathematical problem. 
“Goods and services design could help manufacturers to gain competitive advantages." Justify the statement with any THREE (3) strategies. 
Explain the THREE (3) processes of forming a public opinion. Provide your answers with an example for each process. 
Explain how SWOT and Porter's techniques is applied in the manufacturing industries.
If your story happened in a foreign land, compare that land to the United States.
If an electron in a hydrogen atom jumps from the first excited state to ground state, find the wavelength of the photon emitted. 
Justify the following statement. "It is possible for a firm to experience diminishing marginal return and diseconomies of scale at the same time”. 
How would you create/design a new...?
Determine the economic order quantity.
State TWO types of enzyme specificities that do not agree with lock and key model. Explain your answer.
Define electronic commerce.
List FIVE (5) suggestions on how Malaysian public listed company director in Malaysia can perform  'Duty to use Reasonable Care, Skill & Diligence'. 
State a main difference between a customer and a contact.
Name the TWO ways of how molecules bonded to surface. Provide a brief description on the modes of adsorption. 
Describe FIVE (5) key players in advertising. 
Define Classical approach and Human Relations approach. 
Comment on the introduction of seven “_” in the alignment. 
Use Porter's five competitive forces to analyze FiredUp, Inc.
Describe Renaissance art style. 
Define and discuss the Sharpe, Treynor, and Jensen measures of portfolio performance evaluation by identifying the situations in which each measure is the most appropriate measure. 
Define CRM and discuss how the CRM can be implemented in the business environment.
State what does the symbol “+” represents. 
Explain the main purpose of LOCOS. 
Explain the significance of the position of rubber-synthesizing cis prenyltransferases in the structure of a rubber particle. 
Describe whether the soil is contaminated or polluted. 
Calculate Jensen's measure (Jensen's alpha). Use it to assess the performance of the AOV's Portfolio during the year just ended. 
State in your own words where in the library to find previous issues of journals that are no longer in the display racks.
Given the data available on a research question, take a position and defend it.
Give ONE common crossbreed for porker production in Malaysia and name the state in Peninsular Malaysia that has the highest production rate. 
Personalization is becoming an important element in Electronic Commerce. Explain TWO (2) techniques that can be used to learn about consumer behavior and how it can be used to facilitate customer service.
Discuss how Resource Based View can be implemented in organizations to reinforce financial standing.
Discuss how far you agree with this statement with emphasis on circulation management of a newspaper company.
Considering linear multimedia and interactive multimedia, suggest the best solution to the shopping mall's management.
Define privacy.
Examine what helps to make a good Olympics? Think about money, schedules, sports and people.
What happens if you change the direction of the displacement (but not its size)?
Discover FOUR (4) characteristic of IT infrastructure to be considered.
Given the data we've looked at on this topic, evaluate how appropriate this conclusion is and defend your answer.
State how to find a word in a dictionary
Propose  and justify ONE  (1)  international market-entry strategy  that   you   may   consider   to market your   products internationally.
List the __________________ in descending order
Name and describe the two ways that the data source window allows data to be viewed.
Describe the industrial application of enzymes in beer production. 
Write an assignment statement that disables a radiobutton named radioButton.
Write FIVE (5) types of lines. 
Trace the contents of matrix from the following statements int matrix[3][2];int j, k;for (j = 0; j < 3; j++)for (k =h 0; k < 2; k++)matrik[j][k] = j + k;
Apply SWOT analysis in education environment and discuss its impact in the revenue analysis.
Illustrate this caption: "Olympic as a Media Event in the Information Society"
Draw ONE (1) organic shape and ONE (1) geometric shape. Apply tone and shading.
Decide whether you learned enough about electricity from this book.
Conclude and support which economic system leads to a higher standard of living.
You have been assigned by your employer to manage their Instagram and Facebook business page. Suggest FIVE (5) ways to increase engagement with your social media users. 
Winer (2001) proposes a 7-component Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Model as a framework to implement a successful CRM program. Evaluate each of the seven components of the CRM Model.
Define the transition state and activation energy in relation to catalytic power of an enzyme. 
Discuss any THREE (3) advantages why digital video is preferred for video editing and post production.
Explain the psychological factors which influence consumer behavior. 
Construct a confusion matrix for the data and estimate the Apparent Error Rate. 
Sketch a typical absorption process in a packed column with regeneration in form of
Identify the five major prophets of the Old Testament.
The oil palm (Elaeis guineensis) is an erect monoecious plant. Describe how its inflorescences develop into fruit and relate this to the pest control practice that could affect the productivity of the oil palm. 
In maintaining concrete quality, identify SEVEN (7) good practices on site. 
A cascade of zymogen activation occurs both with digestive proteases and blood clotting proteases. List THREE advantages of this activation.
Draw a front and back for business card layout. 
Thomas (1976) has identified five styles in resolving a conflict such as avoidance. Explain the other FOUR (4) styles in resolving a conflict. 
Draw an illustration of the linked list after the execution of each of the statement below. (Use the original illustration for each question).
Differentiate between “trial pits' and 'boreholes”. 
Discuss TWO hypotheses for invasive plants to become successful outside of their native ranges. 
Categorize the story into parts and think of a good title for each of the parts.
How many instructions in the instruction set of RISC computer?
Define pixel.
How would this story be different if it had happened in a different country?
Discuss SIX (6) considerations before choosing the foundation type. 
Draw and label a diagram of a typical stream.
Illustrate the advantages of plastic material and its applications in construction. 
How does one specify the syntactical restrictions
How could you re-write this story with a city setting?
Explain the role of mesofauna in the decay of fresh organic matter.
Identify  THREE  (3) possible  threats  you  should  anticipate  for this Internet-based business.
Give an example of trait and phenotype to describe a Belgian Blue. 
Use the rule for a semicolon in a sentence.
in what ways trajectory patterns differ according to ABC
Explain in one sentence what the method incFromN does
Discuss  how  data  mining  operations  which  are  classification,  association, clustering and anomaly detection can be deployed in a variety of industries.
Illustrate by using appropriate diagram(s) the effects of the most commonly and the least used monetary policy tool on the market interest rate if the central bank implements the expansionary monetary policy.
State any TWO (2) of Malaysia's rules, regulations or standards which are related to scaffolding and falsework. 
Explain what is meant.
Recall basic math facts
In your opinion, which parental group selected will give a higher gain in Kaseem's breeding programme. Show the calculation and justify your answer. 
Referring to the given poster design, explain in details the usage of elements and principles of arts. 
Suggest and describe an assisted reproductive technique that the farm should use for rapid and cost effective production. 
Draw the energy band diagram of the doped semiconductor at 300 K. 
Ion implantation is one of the popular methods to dope semiconductors. Discuss the control parameters for this method. 
PEST and SWOT are popular strategy tools. Discuss how the TWO(2) tools can be applied in manufacturing business environment.
Write TWO reasons on the slow adoption of biological control in weed management. 
Create an equation to represent the solution to this problem.
Name a major culture collection.
Differentiate primary and secondary reserves of a bank. List THREE (3) examples for each reserve. 
Explain the criteria to be a substantial shareholder in Malaysia. Illustrate what and when a substantial shareholder of a listed company need to comply when he/she holds the directorship in it. 
Rewrite the story briefly, but change someone or something in it. (For example, substitute a dog for a wolf in The Three Little Pigs).
Explain about interactive multimedia.
Classify information systems based on the support IS can provide.
Make a diorama to illustrate an important event.
Integrate training from several sources to solve a problem.
Jason spends all his income on meat and bread. Assume bread as a giffen good, draw Jason's price consumption curve and demand curve for bread when the price of bread falls. Support your answer with explanation for 3 consumption bundles. 
Explain the meaning of the expression "robust model". Specifically, justify your response if you heard a manager exclaim  'Uh-oh, we're in trouble! The calculated EOQ is wrong; actual demand is 10% greater than estimated'. 
Explain briefly how the aggregation processes could improve the water quality in a water treatment plant. 
Suggest  any  TWO  (2)  efforts  that  organization  may  perform  in  order  to discourage unethical behavior.
Explain the possible flow patterns in the culvert depending on the level of the rain water in the car park and the drain channel. 
Discuss the usefulness of HttpSessionActivationListener in web applications.
Assuming that this monopolist is regulated to produce at that quantity where price equals average total cost. Calculate and find out what is the quantity the monopolist will produce and the price it will charge given this regulatory scenario.
Suggest and justify ONE (1) strategy that your company may consider for marketing its products internationally. 
Explain how RFID provides value to businesses.
Design and make an animal that moves.
Do you devise a systematic approach in order to get larger progressions
The general objective of inventory control is to minimize the total cost of keeping the inventory while making trade-offs. Elaborate the FOUR (4) major categories of cost in inventory control. 
Discuss the comparison between the microeconomics and macroeconomics field of study in term of production, prices, income and employment. 
Name the keyword in an ABAP program that can be used to invoke the debugging mode.
Can you write a new recipe for a tasty dish?
“China has been practicing low exchange rate for previous decades.” Clarify the pros and cons under this practice. 
Design and sketch the layout of a CMOS inverter. 
Define FOUR (4) primary roles of advertising in business and society. 
Determine if the two principal components are adequate to explain the variation in the sample that was used to calculate I.
Derive a kinetic model from experimental data.
Name one character. Rewrite the story from this character's point of view.
Argue the case for conducting experimental research involving humans and propose guidelines to ensure that the dignity and welfare of the subjects are maintained.
Highlight the differences between an equilibrium in dominant strategy as compared to Nash equilibrium.
Enzymes are applied in the medical field based on their specific functions. List the THREE main areas of clinical enzymology and provide ONE example how enzymes are used in each area. 
State 'corporate governance' definition as mentioned in Cadbury Report (1992). Explain Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG) 2017 “corporate governance' definition in details. 
How could we develop a coherent measure of success for organisations engaged in this type of activity with young people?
Develop a questionnaire based on at least FOUR open-ended and FOUR closed-ended questions for the interviews.
Give TWO advantages of X-Ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS). 
Paraphrase the poem in your own words
Synthesize any FIVE (5) factors that  should be considered  when  devising a safe system to undertake a task in an organization.
There are TWO (2) common methods used in the semiconductor industry to fabricate single crystal silicon. With the aid of diagrams, name and explain the methods. 
Discuss the impact of advertising on children. 
Relate FIVE (5) examples on how video often make new connections and discoveries between curriculum topics and the world outside the classroom. 
Company directors remain the most important group of people who monitor 
and control the company on behalf of the shareholders. Explain the SIX (6) roles of company directors.
Can you distinguish pot still rums from column still rums by taste
Briefly explain FOUR (4) manufacturing layout you have learned.
Justify whether the enzyme after step 'Size-exclusion chromatography' is pure. Suggest a method to estimate the purity of the enzyme preparation. 
Briefly  explain  any  TWO  (2) observations  of information  technology trend using Moore's Law.
Relate cycle-time reduction to improved performance. Justify your answer.
Examine how e-commerce facilitates Value Chain and Supply Chain.
Write an essay on the importance of comparative genomics. 
How much water does an elephant drink
Evaluate any FIVE (5) power bases. Provide a relevant example for each power base. 
Describe characteristics and importance of secondary market.
Explain FIVE (5) key components of organization crisis definition.
Propose and explain a suitable enzyme-substrate interaction model for enzyme X.
Write an ABAP program that allows the user to key in a positive integer value.
Support your answers with ONE (1) example in everyday life for each theory. 
Calculate the fitness function for all chromosomes in the population.
Select a local 'HOMEGROWN' brand and discuss its international marketing mix.
 Examine the differences between the model excluding the most influential observation and the model including all observations.
Hersey and Blanchard (1977) style of leadership specifies that a leader's behavior corresponds to employees' level of maturity. Explain the FOUR (4) styles of Situational Leadership and support your answer with an example for each of the styles on whom they should be applied in an organization. 
Classify celebrations into family and community categories.
Choose ONE (1) of the factors that you mentioned in question 2(a) and briefly explain why you consider this factor is important. 
Draw a technology enhanced language learning classroom sketch for low proficiency primary year 6 students. You should include FIVE (5) basic technology facilities with label which are essential to the integration of technology in the classroom. 
Critically  appraise  of  making  data  warehouse  Web  Enable  in  the company.
Outline the most important insight of the tale.
Using an appropriate example, prove that listeners are able to manage resources effectively  in  web  applications.
Evaluate the functions of the component of a structural floor. 
Analyze and discuss the conceptual influence of the philosophy on education today.
Suggest TWO possible poultry breeds that Kaseem are breeding for Malaysia broiler industry. 
Can you defend the idea that Simon's incident with the pig's head is the most mystical in the story?
When did the second world war happen 
Discuss the best practices to reduce construction demolition and waste for sustainability. 
Explain why VLE could be better than RLE for this case.
Explain Eurocurrency and its market. 
Show how you would use Huffman coding to encode the following set of tokens.
Define privacy.
Discuss the TWO (2) steps of Crisis Management Performance (CMP) evaluation process. Provide an appropriate example for each step. 
Evaluate the differences between the common, facing and engineering bricks in characteristics and use. 
The construction industry comprises a wide diversity of firms that it is impossible to categorise them all within one type of market structure. Discuss.
What do you think is the best thing about coming to Viestal?
Identify FIVE (5) strategies to make hypermarket retail layout to be more attractive in responding to customers' various shopping behaviors.
There are several factors that influence language teaching and language learning. Name 
and briefly explain the FIVE (5) external factors that you would consider when teaching English Language. 
Suppose the two countries wish to specialize and trade. Specifically determine and explain which country enjoys comparative advantage in the production of jade and diamond. 
Explain the case study research method and distinguish between single and multiple case study design.
From your observation, you noticed that agitation and aeration are important in cultivating the Lactobacillus acidophilus aerobically. Suggest the most suitable agitator that could be used for this purpose. Describe the proposed impeller type in detail.
Differentiate between commercial letter of credit and standby letter of credit. 
Describe the economic consequence of a neolocal society. Support your description with information you have learned from this course.
Choose a paint schedule for the maintenance of an outdoor structure? (level 2) 
Identify any TWO (2) specific problems of the traditional hierarchical structures in response to the need to better manage knowledge.
Compare and contrast two characters in the book.
Provide  each  of  Market  Economy  and  Planned  Economy  with  an example.
Using Nyquist Theorem, calculate the maximum sampling frequency.
Recall four facts from the story
Calculate the optimal size of the production run. 
Summarize the main point of these two texts in your own words 
Advise Smith on any FIVE (5) types of information which should be included in the website.
Define and contrast digital certificate and digital signature. 
Write a textbook about this topic for others.
Use a switch statement to rewrite the following if statement.
Can you design a . . . to . . .?
Elaborate on the importance of 'stability' for industrial enzymes. 
Explain  THREE  (3)  benefits   of  JDBC  pooling  m  the  context  of  database connection.
Who was the writer of the Hamilton 
Explain the concept of clicks-and-bricks model in e-commerce.
Interpret FIVE (5) emerging trends of technology application in education. 
What are the parts or features of...?
Define the term project in the context of project management.
Explain briefly FIVE (5) strategies for effective packaging design. 
Define Chiaroscuro and Sfumato technique.
Determine  which  sub-stage that the  deal  is currently  in for the  following cases.
Information systems value is determined by the strong relationships among THREE (3) major components. Name them.
Proline and glycine are prevalent in beta-turns of protein structures. Comment on the statement. 
Recall the definition of the formula datatype from your assignment 2.
Explain the functional advantages provided by enzymes with a quaternary structure. 
Illustrate the needs of timber preservation and the techniques. 
Develop one plausible ending for all three short stories below.
Describe consumer behaviour. 
Given the two solutions to the stated programming problem, rate the solutions in  terms of efficiency and readability.
Maslow's hierarchy of needs was developed by Abraham Maslow, a specialist in human behavioural psychology. The hierarchy was first developed to help explain the connection between basic human needs and human desires. Distinguish the hierarchy with appropriate example. 
Describe how interest rates affect the economy
Various policies were implemented by the governments in order to mitigate the concerns over efficient losses arising from natural monopoly. Describe natural monopoly and provide ONE (1) example of natural monopoly.
Name and sketch the proposed retaining wall in plan view to show the main elements of the wall. 
A bond fund manager decided to allocate certain percentage of the portfolio in foreign bond market to improve the reward-to-risk ratio. Briefly explain THREE (3) specific risks related to investing in international bond market. 
Discuss the advantages of real-time data input and over batch processing in expenditure cycle. 
Estimate the time it would take to transmit the performance  over a network with 64 kbps.
An electron experiences a potential difference of 5 kV in vacuum. Find the wavelength of the particle. 
Describe “mechanism-based inhibitors”. 
Briefly explain Financial Reporting System (FRS) and identify THREE (3) potential risks in FRS. 
Determine the oxide capacitance. 
Recommend appropriate data warehouse architecture for the company and illustrate it with a diagram.
Suggest and explain TWO (2) ways to measure a bank's profitability. 
Recite the principles of the Data Protection Act.
NIKE will be conducting consumer research on their footwear. Assess FIVE (5) types of consumer research that Nike can implement by providing an appropriate example for each. 
Analyze and explain the critical purpose of the components design of a raking shore to avoid façade retention failure. 
Discuss and show the impact of CRM strategies in the telecommunication sector.
Justify the object oriented programming concept
Explain TWO characteristics of rich media. 
"An increase in the money supply will lead to an increase in the market equilibrium interest rate.” Comment and justify the above statement with an appropriate diagram. 
The Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 (Banking Act) restricted the asset powers of commercial banks in US to low-risk underwriting areas. List FOUR (4) requirements under Glass-Steagall Act of 1933.
Due to saturated domestic markets, large firms were looking for foreign countries for new customers. Explain why China has been choose as a new market. 
The internet has been considered as a low cost option for selling products and services. From a firm's perspective, explain FOUR (4) factors that add to the cost of doing business on the internet. 
Justify the choice of supplier. From your choice, determine the optimal order quantity and total annual cost of ordering, purchasing and holding the component. 
Explain TWO  (2)  strengths and  TWO  (2) weaknesses of clustering based method in outlier detection.
Briefly provide any TWO (2) real life situations to illustrate on ethical dilemma.
decide about the most exciting part of the book. being sure to give at least three reasons why?
Explain briefly the media usage in advertising effectiveness. 
Draw the basic outline of a page of notes using the Cornell Method?
Describe how SPATIAL Compression and TEMPORAL Compression are used in video compression.
Describe how the linear polarization method can yield corrosion rates
Briefly explain how Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm can be used to solve Travelling Salesperson Problem (TSP).
Discuss on the importance of KM with specific reference to its impact on employee's learning and process efficiency.
Develop an ABC classification system for the 10 items. 
Oxidation is one of the most important thermal processes. Briefly discuss the characteristics of dry oxidation. 
There are several corporate governance tools available for institutional shareholders activism. Differentiate shareholder resolution and proxy voting
Show how NLP techniques can be deployed in business.
As an educator, evaluate FIVE (5) advantages and FIVE (5) disadvantages of using technology in education. 
Describe the enzyme characteristics that are desirable in high temperature industrial applications. 
Support your answers with ONE (1) example in everyday life for EACH perspective. 
Explain the concept of clicks-and-bricks model in e-commerce.
Justify your answers with elaborations by providing any TWO (2) reasons.
Briefly list the different types of building maintenance. 
Describe the assumptions of monopolistic competitive market.
Compare and contrast Manufacturing Resource Planning  (MRP-II) and Lean Manufacturing.
Explain how instructional materials can facilitate the teaching and learning process. Give ONE (1) example. 
State the characteristics of each type of corrosion testing studied
Evaluate why a monopolist holds more undesirable characteristics in comparison to a perfect competitor. Give evidence from the graph to support your answer.
Decide which method of solving a problem was most effective 
Oxygen is effectively transported by hemoglobin, regulated by some allosteric effectors in human blood. Name these allosteric effectors and discuss how their presence increases effective delivery of oxygen to tissues.
List FIVE (5) phases of organizational conflict described by Pondy (1967). 
Search engines are key means of attracting traffic to websites. As a new marketing executive with Munchy's Malaysia, recommend THREE (3) tactics used in search engine marketing (SEM). 
Briefly explain how clay particles and soil organisms influence soil structure. 
Identify FIVE (5) Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs based on organizational context. 
Standard ad formats such as leaderboard and skyscraper are common in digital display advertising. Propose FIVE (5) other creative ad formats which are more interactive and engaging. 
List and explain the FOUR (4) considerations when selecting a basement wall. 
Explain what is meant by occlusion and discuss the ability of chain coding to cope with occlusion.
A blue solid cube with dimensions of 10.0 x 10-9 m was dispersed into water to become colloidal particles with dimensions of 1.0 x 10-9 m. Calculate the changes of surface area to volume (surface / volume). 
Base on the case study given, summarize THREE (3) ISM security problems.
Define factors of production.
 How do you distinguish between the binge-eating/purging type of anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa, purging type
Explain Greimas square tool and discuss how it can be applied the aviation industry.
Besides silicon and germanium, name ONE (1) other material that can be used as the substrate of a transistor. 
Conduct an investigation to produce information to support a view.
Compare and contrast Manufacturing Resource Planning  (MRP-II) and Lean Manufacturing.
In your opinion, identify the relationship between factors of and a country's economic system.
Which of the following item does not belong to the set ?
How to Construct the Optimal Maintenance Problem
List out any SIX (6) factors to be considered when designing a layout. 
Describe the THREE (3) causes of concrete blister. 
In your own words, describe Supply Chain Management (SCM).
Briefly  describe  THREE  (3) types  of business  process  that  traditionally organized around functional areas of business. Provide an example of each.
Use Porter's five competitive forces to analyze FiredUp, Inc.
Create a poster that promote jeans to local senior citizen which appeal directly to a multiracial citizen in Malaysia.
Identify FIVE (5) key players in advertising. 
when was the UN formed 
Suppose Phillip wasn't rescued shortly after Timothy's death. How long could he have survived?
Provide TWO (2) suggestions on how a Web presence help Columbiana's government.
Draw the energy band diagram of an intrinsic Si and label the band gap energy. 
Analyze the problem, identifying its variables.
There is a relationship between the level of construction activity and a country's stage of development. Discuss.
Identify the type of crisis based on time as a critical variable. 
Determine the author’s point of view
Categorize the basic concepts of multimedia with an example for each. 
Evaluate the types of power Benjamin Fang is exercising in Sun Plantations, and explain how this is being eroded by the changes taking place in the environment.
Class Facility is an abstract class. Explain what this means
National income accounting refers to a set of rules and techniques that are used to measure the national income of a country. Explain the EIGHT (8) reasons why national income accounting is important. 
Identify and discuss THREE (3) issues on employee productivity problems that companies face.
Model an Olympic Village for the new Millenium.
Using the data shown in Table 1, generate some frequent item sets.
Discuss the role of an infomediary in the online distribution system and evaluate the benefits of this type of distribution system to the consumer, infomediary and advertiser. 
Three sales sub-stages: qualification, proposition and negotiation are included in both OpenERP and SugarCRM, before a deal is won. Give a brief description of these sub-stages.
Explain in detail the chemisorptions of hydrocarbon (eg. alkene, alkyne etc). Focus only on molecular adsorption of hydrocarbon on solid surface at low temperature.
Analyze THREE (3) factors that can affect the option premium. 
who is the founder of the kingdom of saudi Arabia
In order to reduce the international competition to protect some major sector of the economy. List and explain THREE (3) instruments that can use to protect our domestic industries. 
State four attributes of well engineered software.
Explain how RequestDispatcher mechanism in the context of Servlet and JSP technology  has the ability to  facilitate updating  and maintaining  information on job  advertisements  across  several  dynamic  web  pages.
List THREE (3) characteristics of monopolistic competition and explain how do firms in this market structure compete.
in which continent does the state of suriname fall
What data was used to evaluate ____________?
Explain the differences between forward and futures contract. 
Summarise the challenges of global advertising. 
Distinguish between 'differential foundation settlement' and 'uniform foundation settlement'.
Name the food groups and at least two items of food in each group.
Describe how Phillip and Timothy survived on the Cay.
Explain how currency depreciation will affect export, import and the balance of trade of the country. 
suggest ways in which it could have responded more effectively
Write the definition of displaySize() method for each class
How can you differentiate between...?
Critically analyze the image above and discuss the strategic decisions associated with the appeals of the advertisement.
Solve a math problem using familiar procedure or formula
Define attitudes. 
What changes to . . . would you recommend?
Rewrite the following program so that it is formatted properly.
Provide TWO (2) suggestions on how a Web presence help Columbiana's government.
Explain the definition of a “robust model”. Specifically, if a manager exclaimed “The calculated EOQ is wrong because the actual demand is 10% greater than estimated”, justify your response. 
State any FOUR (4) characteristics of valuable information.
Propose a multimedia presentation for UTAR to promote bachelor's degree courses to potential applicants.
Suggest the most suitable growth model that could be applied to describe the growth of above-mentioned Lactobacillus acidophilus strain. Briefly explain the suggested growth model.
 Sketch a prediction of the field lines for the arrangement of electrodes shown in Figure 2
Define problem solving processes.
Steel is the most widely used reinforcing materials in concrete structure. Briefly explain the general properties of steel. 
Briefly provide any TWO (2) real life situations to illustrate on ethical dilemma.
Compute the volume of a cylinder
Two different soils were obtained during sampling and the distance between the two sites were only 100 meters apart. Discuss TWO soil forming factors which are most likely to explain the differences. 
Define soil pH. 
As an editor-in-chief, suggest how you can motivate your experienced journalists to remain with your paper.
If your story occurred long ago, compare that time with today in a good paragraph. If it was a modern story, compare it with a long time ago and tell what would be different.
Develop a set of criteria for distinguishing between a good and bad example of this.
Construct the Data Path of the RISC Processor given in the previous question 
You are a project manager working on a 8 storey building conservation project located in a congested urban area with poor soil bearing capacity and underground public utilities. Propose to the building owner why an internally braced shoring system is preferable to raking shore and weighted vertical dead shores. 
Identify FIVE (5) problem solving processes. 
Suggest how multimedia applications may  be used for each of the scenarios below. (i) IT Avenue will be organising a road show at various shopping malls to promote a new model of mobile phone from Nokia.
Develop a plan for a new Olympic Bid System.
The unemployment problem can be overcome by increasing the aggregate output in a country. Explain THREE (3) multiplier concepts that can be applied in this problem. 
Determine the equilibrium price and quantity.
Support your views with ONE (1) example for each strategy.
Barbie Dolls have been banned in some of countries. Provide FOUR (4) countries and evaluate the reason behind the ban. 
Calculate the average holding and setup cost per year. 
Malaysia is currently having trade deficit and policy maker tries to improve the balance of trade by depreciate the Ringgit Malaysia. Discuss the impact of this policy by using an appropriate diagram. 
State the THREE (3) approaches to calculate national income.
Explain the process of consumer perception and provide ONE (1) example to support your explanation. 
"The bullwhip measure can be used to analyze supply chains. Nevertheless, inaccurate measures taken in addressing variance amplification can have ramifications".  Explain this statement. 
Popular search engines such as Google, Yahoo and others are used to search information on the web based on user defined keywords. Determine and justify the appropriate HTTP method that should be deployed by those search engines.
PEST and SWOT are popular strategy tools. Discuss how the TWO(2) tools can be applied in manufacturing business environment.
Calculate the market demand and market supply in table form. 
As opposed other curves, justify with explanation why Average Fixed Costs
	(AFC) is negatively sloped.
Explain in your own words what do you mean by the term economics?
Identify THREE (3) building related statutory laws in Malaysia.
List and briefly describe the FOUR soil forming processes. 
Sketch ONE (1) organic object in one layout to show harmony in shape and color. 
Would you have liked to have had Cinderella for a sister? Explain why or why not.
Inflation is one of the major concerns of all countries in the world. Discuss how the Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) would fight against inflation problem and by using appropriate diagrams, show how the BNM actions affect the investment level and equilibrium output level. 
Determine the number of possible colors and calculate how much memory is required to represent the following bitmap images.
A five-year, RM1,000 par value bond with a 6 percent semi-annual coupon is trading at current yield of 4 percent. Compute the duration of the bond. 
Write THREE (3) categories of color. 
Briefly explain the drawbacks of using deficiency symptoms to determine fertilizer rates. 
The 'creators' and critics' are the most desired social segments. Explain how social media marketers are able to increase these segments' level of involvement in the social media. 
State and discuss the approach as prescribed in Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG) 2017. 
State TWO phenomena that affect the stabilization of colloidal nanoparticles in aqueous medium. 
Explain Greimas square tool and discuss how it can be applied the aviation industry.
Explain why 3D animation requires much time consuming and complicated in the development phase compared to 2D animation.
Explain the activities involved in the building process. 
Comparing to the reference sequence, identify the functional elements to represent S2 and S3, respectively. 
Apply Porter's five competitive forces analysis to examine the summer job industry for your uncle.
List the procedure to draw a mixed potential or Evans' diagram
Provide   (with  explanations)   THREE  (3)  differences Programming and System Programming.
Define symmetrical balance and asymmetrical balance. Draw an example for each. 
Describe the Concept of Culture.
"Firms can use existing brand names or create new brands on the internet". Evaluate the above statement. 
Describe the concept or purpose of Qlassic and CIS (Construction Industry Standards) documents. 
Currently the product life cycle for Apple iPod is in the 'growth stage'. Provide evidence to support your answer.
List and explain the TWO (2) processes that can be done with the areas of the image that should be displayed in some color which is not available in the reduced palette.
Define four types of traceability.
Identify the role of advertising in global women's magazines and local women's magazine. 
Derive the data rate that is generated by the digitization procedure in each case assuming that the Nyquist theorem is applied with 12 bits per sample for the speech signal and 16 bits per sample for the music signal. Give your answers in kilo -Byte-per-second (kB/s).      
Explain FIVE (5) characteristics of the construction sector. 
Describe the major clinical differences between visceral and somatic pain
Suggest THREE (3) ethical considerations that ANA advertisers should take into account in designing commercials.
How could we determine the number of pennies in a jar without counting them?
Briefly discuss THREE factors with ONE example each that should be considered when determining fertilizer placement method. 
Write a journal from the point of view of mountaineer.
In order to achieve high economy growth the government can implement expansionary fiscal policy, however, the effect of an increase in government spending can be taken aback by crowding out effect. Recommend and graphically explain the action that can be taken by Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) to avoid this problem.
Design a scientific study to test the effect of different kinds of music on hens’ egg production.
A banker's acceptance (BA) is a promised future payment, or time draft, which is accepted and guaranteed by a bank and drawn on a deposit at the bank. The BA specifies the amount of money, the date, and the person to whom the payment is due. Draw and explain the sequence of a banker's acceptance transaction. 
Propose with justification, the types of maintenance relevant to a library building. 
how do the clauses and expressions given in the article which replace GOTO statements, lead to the three traditional control statements
Name five types of common dialog boxes.
Explain FOUR (4) process strategies you have learned. 
List three predominant economic systems that exist
which part of a data packet is used by a router to determine the destination network
Write down the FIVE (5) phases of the design process. 
After examining the videotape of a play in a football game, determine the degree to which the defensive team performed effectively and
 Briefly compare this way of testing the satisfiability of to the more standard way using SLD Resolution, as in Prolog
Specify a deterministic finite automaton (DFA) recognizing the
List any TWO (2) real life examples of  the  organization  that implement the clicks-and-bricks B2C E-Commerce.
Local oxidation of silicon or LOCOS is a type of application which involves wet oxidation. With the aid of diagrams, briefly illustrate this process. 
Select the best title for a passage
Explain whether Howard can have the video streamed effectively at 1 Mbps data rate on a 1 Mbps Internet  connection.
Describe FIVE (5) characteristics of hardened concrete. 
Describe THREE (3) deposit liabilities for commercial banks. 
Compute the value of the government multiplier and tax multiplier in an open economy. 
Demonstrate how the seasons occur.
Differentiate bonds that are traded at par, premium and discount.
The Higgs Report (2003) is among the first report that discusses the importance of Senior Independent Non-Executive Director (Senior INED). Analyse the rationales of having Senior INED in a company. 
Make a scrapbook about the areas of study.
Calculate the balance of trade when the economy is at equilibrium and interpret your answer. 
Discuss FIVE (5) principles that are central to relational leadership by Komives, Lucas and McMahon (1998). Provide ONE (1) example for each principle. 
Thailand currently experiences a 17% unemployment rate and the investors in the country are sensitive towards changes in the interest rate. Explain to your friend the policy to be taken by Central Bank of Thailand to achieve 3% of unemployment rate by using appropriate diagram(s). 
Discuss in terms of implementation how to restrict resources such as web components and Enterprise Java Bean (EJB} components for use to only authorized users. 
Write a TV show play, puppet show, role play, song or pantomime about..
Briefly discuss how spatial compression is different from temporal compression.
List FIVE (5) functions of Department of Safety and Health as outline in OSHA 1994.
Estimate roughly how long the collision process takes
“Instead of focusing only on investing in local market, some investors also invest in foreign market”.  Justify above statement by providing FOUR (4) benefits of investing in foreign market. 
Explain what a junk bond is and its role in the financial market. 
In the renovation of a new car showroom, the client wishes to attract the attention of pedestrians who passes by their building. Propose the type of external envelop for this building and explain the reasons. Sketch the proposed external envelop. 
Explain the types of construction excavation. 
Draw an expiry profit diagram for the GCB bank’s position. 
Calculate the level of output Japan needs to achieve in order to maintain a balanced trade account. 
Combine elements of drama, music, and dance into a stage presentation.
Multimedia is shifting from being localized (contained on a CD-ROM) to being distributed (available on the World Wide Web). Give FIVE (5) implications on this.
Timber and plastic are common materials used in construction industry. Elaborate FIVE (5) specific applications for each material in building construction. 
List any FIVE (5) themes identified by Tom Peters and Robert Waterman for “excellent 
organizations". 
Explain the principle of ultrasonography in pregnancy diagnosis for farm animals. 
Discuss any THREE (3) ways by which an organization can benefit from e-commerce.
Weeds reduce the quality of crops and livestock. Explain. 
Explain how the increment or decrement operators affect the result of p.
“The efficient market hypothesis (EMH) states it is impossible to consistently outperform an efficient market and the only way an investor can possibly obtain higher returns is by purchasing riskier investments." Justify the statement. 
“Millennials and kids are important market segments for e-marketers”. Discuss on the above statement. 
Can you develop a proposal which would . . .?
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that improve individuals' psychological well-being from the physiological psychology perspectives. Elaborate your answers with examples. 
List any THREE (3) practical approaches for payment collection  in revenue cycle.
With the aid of a diagram, explain LOCOS. 
Can you state in your own words what the problem is asking you to do
Compare and contrast between low context cultures and high context cultures. 
Explain FOUR (4) factors in the Globalization of Financial Markets. 
Explain TWO (2) ways on how monopoly harms consumers and hurts the economy. Justify and illustrate your answers.
Differentiate among “external wall', 'internal wall' and 'parapet'. 
Justify if DHT`s supply chain performance is better than PLI. 
Name  the  TWO  (2) categories and explain the differences between the two categories.
Apply SWOT analysis in education environment and discuss its impact in the revenue analysis.
Define Inheritance concept
List FIVE (5) major business activities of investment banks. 
Treating emotion as a useful concept is challenging. Critically discuss why treating emotion as a useful concept is challenging. Provide TWO (2) points. 
Calculate the balance of trade when the economy is at equilibrium. 
Relate FOUR (4) disadvantages of Web-based learning as an emerging digital technology used in teaching and learning.
Briefly  discuss  how  TQM  could  be  applied  m  the  management  of  the newspapers' editorials.
As a manager in an Information Technology firm, suggest and elaborate any THREE (3) actions that organizations can take as part of the responsibility towards the society.
Predict the differences of a planet with no seasonal changes.
The tyrosinase-containing solution was dissolved in 50 mM potassium phosphate buffer containing 0.01 mM NaCl, pH 6.5, before applying to a DEAE Sephadex A50 column. Suggest and explain how the mobile phase should be modified to elute the bound tyrosinase. 
Contrast the treatment of "well known" trademarks provided by Paris Article and by TRIPS Article 
Design an ideal newspaper organizational chart. Then describe the functions of the respective departments and how they relate to each other horizontally and vertically.
Suggest a possible Java Web architecture(s) for the proposed application based on the case study.
With an appropriate example, discuss the effectiveness of using message queue compared to pipes in communication between processes.
Recommend a suitable metal for the fabrication of power tools like drills, files and chisels. Your recommendation should be justified by elaborating the important properties of the proposed metal. 
In your opinion, identify the relationship between factors of and a country's economic system.
Define economic threshold and its use. 
In about 70 words, explain how the different components function in language learning. 
CRM technology helps companies to collect information about consumer behaviour, conversations and characteristics. As a new digital marketing manager with an online retailer, suggest FIVE (5) ways how you can collect data and push customised information to customers. 
Briefly explain any TWO (2) reasons why multimedia is important for education.
Discuss THREE (3) types of anomalies associated with database tables that have not been normalized. 
 How do you construct foliations on a given manifold M?
In  your  opinion,  discuss  how  modern   supply  chain  management systems facilitate a pull-based  model.
Explain FOUR (4) types of unemployment.
Assess THREE (3) brain structures that are associated with the language / speech function. Elaborate your answers with example. 
Draw the face-centered cubic cell and determine its packing fraction. State and explain the assumptions you have made. 
Briefly analyse the SIX (6) internal control procedures over the payroll process of a multinational organisation. 
Briefly discuss any THREE (3) specific internet technologies or tools that are commonly found in providing support for business activities.
How would you relate position concept with position strategy
List the advantages and disadvantages of Public Offering.
Define and explain the THREE (3) steps of bringing a new security issue in primary market. 
Identify and recommend any appropriate amendments to the proposal presented in order to rectify the errors made in estimating the company's current cost of capital and current value. For each of the revisions, explain the reasons why it should be amended.
The news reported that the chicken consumption in Malaysia has fallen by 17.25 percent. Use firm and industry diagrams to explain the short run and long run effects. 
Describe what multimedia is.
Provide THREE (3) examples of input devices.
Discuss a security framework for the proposed application.
Assess THREE (3) brain structures that are associated with movement. Elaborate your answers with example. 
Solve for the ten following fraction multiplication problems. Please make sure to show all your work.
How many kilometers from your home to the university
Prepare a time-phased product structure. 
Rewrite the story from an animal’s point of view.
Calculate the compression ratio for the compressed file.
Suppose prices of two goods are constant, explain what will happen to the budget line if there is an increase in consumer's income. Support your answer with an appropriate diagram.	
Define instructional materials. 
Briefly explain if restriction mapping is useful in determining the presence of minisatellite. 
Melting temperature (Tm) is an important criteria to consider when designing primers for PCR amplification. Comment. 
Advise the five steps, as recommended by Porter and Millar, that can be applied by business managers in taking advantage of information technology.
Assume that an economy is initially below the natural rate of output, due to the stock market crash in 2008. Explain what policy the government can implement in order to return the output to the natural level by using appropriate diagram.
How would you restructure the school day to reflect children's developmental needs?
Interpret the graph and state how many trees were cut down to produce paper.
Draw the energy band diagram of a pn junction. Label the depletion region and the electric field in the depletion region. For an unbiased junction, discuss the movement of majority and minority carriers and the resultant current that may arise at equillibrium. 
What would happen if the rainfall doubled in your state next year
Differentiate between data and information using a real life example.
Predict the effect on bulk density when a large quantity of organic matter is added into the soil. Justify your answer. 
Construct the 4-Bit Ripple carry Adder Circuit
Concrete mould can be fabricated using steel or plastic. Differentiate the characteristics of concrete mould that is produced by these materials. 
 Estimate the risk of serious illness for consumers in different susceptible population groups
Presenting the business plan is very crucial to convince potential consumers and financers. List any SEVEN (7) suggestions for good presentation of your business plan.
Draw a diagram explaining how air pressure affects the weather.
Identify and explain FIVE (5) countries that ban advertising to children. 
Explain the FIVE (5) procedures which need to be documented during the site inspection. 
Differentiate spoken and written language in FIVE (5) aspects. 
Explain the meaning of creative brief.
List the data members
Demonstrate and illustrate measures of central tendency and dispersion, write a journal entry. 
Differentiate between repurchase agreement (repo) and reverse repurchase agreement. 
Create a set of guidelines to determine the points of a plant susceptible to localized corrosion.
Provide THREE (3) justification on how would the university community be encouraged to place orders and become loyal customers.
Draw a faced-centered cubic (FCC) cell. Calculate the packing fraction of the FCC cell. State any assumptions you have made and explain your calculations. 
Describe the use of architecture drawings in construction. 
Explain the solum treatment used in the floor construction. 
Draw the diagrams for a centralized database and a distributed database.
How does your pet differ from other animals?
Describe price feedback effect by using relevant example.
How could someone modify the Cornell Method to make it effective for researching a topic for a paper?
The technology of VLSI is defined by the feature size. Over the years, the feature size has been reducing. Analyze and explain the reasons for doing so. 
Explain the relationship between HTTP GET method and URL Rewriting in the context of session management.
"Portfolio management strategies are different based on the investor's risk preferences and expected return". Based on above statement, explain TWO (2) major portfolio management strategies. 
How do we construct agents that can deliver. “good” assistance
Provide justifications as to why integrity and reliability is important in a company's annual report and accounts (ARAS) from corporate governance point of view.
Discuss ONE (1) limitation and benefit of duration. 
In a table form, state the advantages and disadvantages of X-ray crystallography and nuclear magnetic resonance in elucidating the three dimensional structure of proteins. 
Describe graphic design and product design. 
Provide  each  of  Market  Economy  and  Planned  Economy  with  an example.
Illustrate each of these situations with TWO (2) real-life examples.  
A solid cube with dimensions of 10.0 nm was dispersed into water to become colloidal particles with dimensions of 1.0 nm. Calculate the changes of surface area to volume (surface / volume). 
Briefly  discuss  how  TQM  could  be  applied  in  the  management  of  the newspapers' editorials.
Create a poster that promote jeans to local senior citizen which appeal directly to a multiracial citizen in Malaysia.
Plan a research paper on a given historical topic
design a cost effective strategy to generate reliable data.
Give the three (3) categories of primitive data types and briefly explain what each category is used for.
Analyze the selected information.
Illustrate and explain how perfect competitive firms adjust in long-run if they are enjoying positive economic profit in short-run.
Imagine that you are a relative of an older adult who is initially diagnosed to be living with Parkinson's disease, suggest FOUR (4) strategies to further promote the wellbeing of the individual. 
Differentiate between data and information using a real life example.
Explain the change in conductivity for a metal and an intrinsic semiconductor as temperature increases. 
By drawing appropriate diagrams, differentiate between flat file model and database model. 
Subsurface exploration can be divided into THREE (3) programs. Explain in detail the conclusion that could be derived from each program.
Translate the following passage from The Iliad into English.
Teacher-prepared materials are the best form of resources for your English language lesson. State FIVE (5) factors that you would consider when preparing your resources. 
Name 5 steps that follow the taking of notes (within 24 hours or less)?
Argue critically with relevant examples.
Using straight value depreciation, decide between two copper-nickel alloys for the design of a heat exchanger.  
Draw a table indicating purification fold and yield at each step. 
Draw a pH denaturation profile for an enzyme. Explain what happens to the enzyme during pH denaturation. 
Compare and contrast the characteristics and usage between aluminium and high carbon steel. 
With reference  to the case, evaluate the similarities  and differences  between  open mindedness and mental models.
Define instructional materials. Provide an example of an instructional material for a subject. 
Can you see a possible solution to . . .?
How would you rank the items given the criteria ?
Label the parts of the following insects: Grasshopper
Sketch the Type Il isotherm and provide a brief description of its nature and the processes that gives rise to the isotherm. 
Discuss the importance of shikimate pathway, a primary metabolism pathway related to plant secondary metabolism. 
Define prejudice. 
Appraise data in support of a hypothesis.
Explain the term “level scheduling'. 
 List and explain TWO (2) advantages and THREE (3) disadvantages of economic growth. 
List the major forces acting on the concrete body of the dam excluding earthquake and wind forces. 
Standardized, reusable containers have fairly obvious benefits for shipping. Use five (5) points to justify the purpose of these devices within the plant. 
Illustrate Blake and Mouton's Managerial Grid leadership styles using a diagram. Explain each of the management style identified. 
List three characteristics that are unique to the Cubist movement.
Compare three celebrations using a Venn diagram.
Explain why the electrical conductivity of a semiconductor is higher than an insulator by using the energy band diagram. 
Judge the value of... What do you think about...?
Label the parts of the diagram
Analyze a distinction. State the point of view of . . .
Select the athlete of the century and analyze why you chose this person.
Give the appropriate formula to calculate the velocity of the sedimentation. 
Distinguish among acidic, saline and sodic soils. 
Draw TWO (2) logo design for food and beverage products. 
Describe the 'Qlassic Assessment' principles on how to perform the evaluation. 
How much is your weight
Discuss  how  inverse  kinematics  helps  in  simplifying  the  task  of  animating jointed  structures.
Define graphic design, product design and environmental design. Provide ONE (1) example for each. 
Distinguish between the ripening behavior of climacteric and non-climacteric fruits in terms of their respiration rates and ethylene production.
List FIVE (5) plant consideration in a construction site. 
Determine if the winery is providing an amplifying or smoothing effect. 
Can you distinguish aged rums from unaged rums by smell
With suitable examples, briefly discuss the importance of soil aeration.
Identify the key enzymes and explain their roles in fatty acid biosynthesis that contribute to the unique fatty acid composition of palm mesocarp oil.
Discuss TWO (2) disadvantages of tokenism that is usually used to create a positive image of the system that the system is fair and without discrimination. 
Describe THREE (3) types of test that can be applied for a concrete structure survey. 
In your own words, describe Supply Chain Management (SCM).
Suggest a house-style and editorial policies for your newly introduced newspaper targeted at young readers aged between 15 to 25 years.
Discuss the main purpose of quiet on-site observation technique.
Develop a SQA Plan for a software development project which is defined in the attached document.
 sketch a graph of velocity versus time for the upward and downward parts of a ball’s flight
List any five departments and discuss the relations between these departments and the importance of depending on each other.
Implement working codes for presentation, business and data layers.
Investigate (pointwise) convergence and absolute convergence of the given series of functions
How Do You Think One Should Reason in Making Ethical Decisions in Business
Evaluate two Internet sources of information about the Egyptians. Which would be a better choice for your purpose and why?
Suggest THREE (3) steps that Annie should do in multimedia authoring.
Break down the main actions of the story.
Critically examine the strengths and weaknesses of the positivist paradigm
Describe in your own words what is meant by a sprained ankle.
Suggest an alternative to Albert on how the above limitations may be overcome.
How to construct simple solutions when problems are complex?
who was the first man on the moon
 Estimate the epicentral coordinates of the earth-quake
Draw a diagram of the Intelligent System structure with detailed explanation.
Using appropriate examples, differentiate between agglomerative  and divisive in the context of agglomerative hierarchical clustering.
Revises and process to improve the outcome.
Explain the use of scaffolding in construction. 
Calculate the balance of trade when the economy is at equilibrium and interpret the answer. 
Give FOUR information that can be obtained from Scanning Electron Miscroscope (SEM).
The foundation is the base on which a building rest and its purpose is to safely transfer the load of a building to a suitable subsoil. Identify the specified bearing loads and give the explanations for each bearing load.
List   THREE  (3) advantages  and  TWO  (2)  disadvantages codification.
Explain what is happening in the first picture of the story.
Sketch the 1-V curve of a zener diode and explain what a zener breakdown is. 
Write a Java loop that will display the phrase one  more time four times. Include any declarations or initializing statements that are needed.
Use dynamic programming to make these allocations to maximize the total grade points to be obtained from the four courses.
Assume that Saudi Arabia is currently operating at the natural level of output. However, due to the political uncertainty it leads to an increase in oil price. Discuss the effects of the event on the price level, unemployment and output in the long run and short run in Saudi Arabia by using appropriate diagrams. Besides, suggest the policy that can be implemented by Saudi Arabia in order to achieve long run equilibrium after the event. 
Explain the profit and loss for Alice and GCB bank. 
Explain why hazard identification in the case of pathogens is complicated. 
Describe how the hexokinase enzymatic activity could be determined using the coupled assay method. 
Chymotrypsin belongs to serine protease family. Describe the catalytic mechanism of chymotrypsin emphasizing the role of the catalytic triad and substrate binding site in catalysis. 
Distinguish between 'periodic inspection' and 'continuous inspection'. 
How is scientific progress similar to Darwinian evolution according to Kuhn
 Construct one Turing Machine for computing each of the following functions
Would you solve these two problems using similar approaches
Design a poster for this book.
List down the environmental factors that an international marketer should consider. 
Critically review how a shift in the mental model with a different set of assumptions could change Yahoo.
List down FIVE (5) types of shapes. 
What evidence can you list for...
Draw a poster layout design for Healthy Life Style. 
Briefly describe the advantages of MOET in cattle breeding. 
List the advantages and disadvantages of Public Offering.
How many years does this animal live?
Discuss THREE (3) situations that necessitate the use of pile foundation. 
Design and sketch the optimized stick-diagram layout. 
Estimate the communalities and specific variances for the first four variables.
Support your answers with ONE (1) example for each factor.
how do we devise a way to enforce the laws
List   THREE  (3) advantages  and  TWO  (2)  disadvantages codification.
Draw and explain Nonaka's model of knowledge creation and transformation in detail.
Justify your answers with elaborations by providing any TWO (2) reasons.
Suggest  any  TWO  (2)  efforts  that  organization  may  perform  in  order  to discourage unethical behavior.
Propose solutions to reinforced concrete flat roof defects experienced in Malaysia, such as water ponding, material exposure to solar radiation, poor maintenance culture and concrete spalling due to leaks from cold joints and stress cracks. 
Determine the Macaulay duration and estimate the bond price if the yield increases by 100 basis points. 
Develop and execute a program for this exercise
Give TWO methods to measure the surface coverage. 
Suppose firms in industry Y are having an increase in demand. By using appropriate diagrams, explain the effect of an increase in demand and how industry Y achieves the long-run equilibrium in perfect competition. 
Create a new song for the opening line of "Mary had a little lamb".
Personalization is becoming an important element in Electronic Commerce. Explain TWO (2) techniques that can be used to learn about consumer behavior and how it can be used to facilitate customer service.
Explain the method of monitoring inventory levels in retails stores.
Discuss FOUR (4) factors affecting exchange rate in the long run.
Discuss TWO (2) key differences between stock warrants and stock options. 
Identify fractions from a pictorial representation
Explain important features and characteristics of the flows encountered in hydraulic engineering compared with cases in other fluid engineering.
Suggest FOUR (4) strategies that reduce sleep deprivation from the physiological psychology perspectives. Elaborate your answers with examples. 
Recommend to the management whether to use MP3 or RealAudio file format images and state THREE (3) reasons for your recommendations. 
Critically  evaluate the JDBC  and pooling  method  in the context of database connections.
Determine the percentage of variation in the correlation matrix that is explained by the 4 factors.
Contrast the following basic BLAST programs: PSI-BLAST, PHI-BLAST and tBLASTX.
Briefly  describe  THREE  (3) types  of business  process  that  traditionally organized around functional areas of business. Provide an example of each.
Give TWO functions of egg yolks in mayonnaise production. 
Correctly label the brain lobes indicated on the diagram below
Suggest FIVE (5) actions that Public Mutual Berhad (PMB) can consider in championing the institutional shareholder activism. 
What criteria would you use to assess...?
Explain on global and local approach in coordinating and controlling the international advertising.
How do you think the community should grow or change
Identify FOUR (4) factors that affect the willingness of people to perform prosocial behaviors. 
Can you assess the value or importance of . . . ?
Suggest THREE (3) methods Game2 can take to prevent damage to its Web sites and continuing operations.  Justify your answer.
Briefly describe the author's approach to the liabilities of the GOTO statement
 Inspect each of these Boolean expressions, and determine whether each one is a sum of products, or a product of sums
Make a paper-mache map to include relevant information about an event.
Referring to the advertisement design below, evaluate the usage of Dominance and Unity in principles of design.
"HTTP POST method is better suited to send confidential information compared to HTTP GET method in web applications." Justify the statement.
Justify whether tRNA or mRNA would be more extensively hydrogen bonded. 
Determine the amount of shortage or surplus if government decides to impose the price at RM1.50/kg. Support your answer with numerical explanations. 
Describe an experiment to answer the question of the effects of weight on the fall of an object.
Compose a class story.
What would you predict/infer from...?
Define electronic commerce.
Decide whether you could have survived on the island blind and alone. Write about things that would have been challenging making sure to
Name FOUR enzymes in DNA replication and state their functions. 
Develop a hypothesis.
Explain the importance of using initial rate to determine enzymatic activity.
Briefly illustrate FOUR (4) influences of carbon on metal. 
The internet increases customer benefits in many ways that have revolutionised marketing practices. Discuss with examples THREE (3) ways in which internet increases customer benefits from products offered online.
Develop a time phased product structure.
Compare FOUR (4) point of views of entrepreneurs with FOUR (4) for managers the way they look at the things.
Explain in detail the chemisorptions of ammonia. Focus only on molecular adsorption of ammonia on a solid surface at low temperature.
Explain each inventory control method and suggest TWO (2) types of products for each method.
Explain why it is likely that a matriarchal family system would be found in a matrilocal or matrilineal society.
Describe how pore size can affect water retention in soil. 
Distinguish between products from physical and chemical weathering. 
Differentiate between Gibbs adsorption equation and dynamic surface tension in the study of adsorption at interfaces. 
Tell in your own words the beginning of the book.
How can you explain what is meant ...?
Name TWO (2) types of laboratory tests. 
Stock market serves as an important predictor of economic activities. Explain how the stock market values can predict real economic activity. 
Using the Luedeking-Piret equation for growth associated product formation, calculate the pullulan concentration in 30h of fermentation.
Dielectric films can be thermally grown or deposited. Discuss the 
fundamental difference between these two methods. 
Design a vendor-rating form that represents your comparison of the education offered by universities in which you considered/are considering/have considered enrolling. 
MLPs are frequently used to approximate functions. However, the quality of the approximation depends on the parameters of the MLP used. Discuss how this quality is affected by the number of hidden layers used in the MLP.
State your opinion on whether financial reporting system is more important than management reporting system and the appropriateness of placing more emphasis on producing non-discretionary financial reports. Provide arguments to support. 
Using the open economy multiplier approach, calculate the new equilibrium output level and new balance of trade if the government decreases spending to RM 1200 million and increases tax by RM 300 million. 
List and discuss briefly FIVE (5) learner-related factors when conducting an English lesson to a class of Form Two students. 
List FIVE (5) functions of Department of Safety and Health as outline in OSHA 1994.
Propose  the  examples  of  how  text  mining  could  be  used  in  other businesses.
The pre-planning stage of a lesson takes into consideration several factors. Name 
FIVE (5) external factors and briefly explain the importance of each of the factors. 
Compare the place where the story happened with where you live.
Predict what would happen if ...
Critically discuss FOUR (4) main dimensions that used to  classify countries based on Hofstede's Cultural Dimensions Theory.
Analyze FOUR (4) advantages of mobile assisted learning as an emerging digital technology used in teaching and learning. 
Write an essay in not more than 250 words about India and Technological Advancement. Use active voice as much as possible.
Explain the differences between ethical dilemma and ethical lapse.
Draw the water surface profile when the rainfall intensity is more than the design rainfall so that the inlet of the cuivert is submerged. Explain how the flow rate can be computed in this case. 
Can you distinguish between . . .?
Draw a graph showing the demand curve faced by a perfectly competitive firm. On the same graph, draw the demand curve faced by a monopolistically competitive firm. Explain your reasoning for each curve. 
Explain the differences between volatile and non-volatile storage.
Explain TWO (2) ways on how monopoly harms consumers and hurts the economy. Justify and illustrate your answers.
Distinguish between the ripening behaviour of climacteric and non-climacteric fruits in terms of carbon dioxide release and ethylene synthesis. 
Differentiate the following functions using the quotient rule
Comment on the values that were generated for “Identities” and “Positives". 
Argue critically with relevant examples.
Apply the energy band diagram to explain why an intrinsic semiconductor is conductive and that its conductivity increases with temperature.
When quantity discounts are offered, justify why it is not necessary to check discount points that are below the EOQ or points above the EOQ that are not discount points. 
Evaluate TWO (2) strategies that have been implemented by McDonald's Malaysia in handling the crisis. Provide a justification and an example to support your answer for each of the strategies. 
What does ICT stands for.
Which of the two algorithms, bubblesort or quicksort, is more efficient? Justify your answer.
Distinguish between “suspended' and ‘non-suspended' floor. 
In their efforts to achieve their macroeconomic objectives, all governments, regardless of political persuasion, employ the same types of policy instrument. Discuss.
Elaborate THREE (3) channels of the transmission process for monetary policy. 
Discuss FIVE (5) stages of crisis management. Provide your discussion with ONE (1) appropriate example for each stage. 
 Outline your experience in working with service users
Discuss in detail the criteria used to assess the success or failure of a newly released transgenic crop with improved tolerance to stress.
Corporate bond is a debt contract (indenture) that requires borrowers to make periodic payment of interest and repayment of principal at the end of maturity date. Explain the type of market for corporate bond. 
Sketch a diagram which shows these fractions or take photographs of the fractions. 
There are three common types of brick in Malaysia, namely common brick, facing brick and engineering brick. Differentiate the properties and the applications among them. 
Categorise the pictures and add them to the wall display.
Identify THREE (3) types of imperfectly competitive firms and construct THREE (3) important characteristics of these imperfectly competitive firms.
Explain FOUR (4) types of process design that could be found in manufacturing companies. 
Describe soil colloids and their importance. 
Define the chemical interaction indicated by the arrows. Identify the binding region of an antigen on the antibody structure.
What would result if …
Provide FIVE (5) examples on how HP can use text mining in other areas.
Identify the HP's challenges in text mining.
Identify and explain the possible consequences of connecting a database with a web application without using database pooling method.
What are the major products and exports of countries
Illustrate how the Variable Length Encoding algorithm can be used to encode symbols 'SOOOSAY T '.
From the information given, can you develop a set of instructions about . . .?
The technology of VLSI is defined by the feature size. With the aid of a diagram, explain the feature size. 
Differentiate between Putlog and Independent Scaffold. 
Explain TWO theories of causal attribution that was proposed by Jones and Davis (1965) and Kelley (1972). 
Name the four major food groups.
Describe the Pop Art style in 1958 - 1972.
Discuss the relationship between advertising and children. 
Estimate expenditure on HIV/AIDS education
Give TWO examples how breeding is similar to natural selection. 
Explain  the  concept  of  Customer  Relationship  Management  (CRM).
Compare historical events to contemporary situations
Relate your most powerful story where your use of technology in the classroom has yielded a significant outcome with a student or students
Discriminate the pros and cons of ____.
Explain briefly 'designer' and 'professional designer'.
There are two approaches to solve a problem, namely X and Y. Approach X uses a lot of synchronizations compared to approach Y. Briefly explain why the approach Y should be chosen to solve the problem.
Place the following in order of priority...
What season are we in right now?
Explain FIVE (5) causes of "glass ceiling by providing a relevant example for each cause. 
What is the setting of To Kill a Mockingbird?
Detect error(s) in the following segment of codes and rewrite the codes with correction of the error(s).
Discuss various practices to achieve maximum yield and production of crude palm oil. 
Classify frogs toads and other amphibians.
State your recommended solution with justification.
State the number of autosome and sex-chromosome for a rooster and a hen.
GenBank offers a few options for nucleotide sequence submissions. Name TWO available options and when are they used. 
Write a Java program that lets the user enter a year and checks whether it is a leap year.
Using a farm animal species of your choice, sketch a graph and describe the scenario that demonstrate a strong genotype by environmental interaction that could influence breeding objectives. 
when did saudi arabia start using internet
Calculate Sharpe's measure for the AOV Portfolio and the market. Compare the TWO (2) measures, and assess the performance of the AOV's portfolio during the year just ended. 
Draw a technology enhanced language learning classroom sketch for advanced level primary year 6 students. You should include FIVE (5) basic technology facilities with label which are essential to the integration of technology in the classroom. 
Write a poem about this book.
Sketch the energy band diagram of the ideal metal-semiconductor contact in forward bias mode. Show the conduction and valence band edges, and all the Fermi levels. 
Show how to modify Fitch's algorithm given in class today to accommodate non-binary
Explain FIVE (5) characteristics of Industrialised Building System (IBS) in construction. 
Propose a line-up procedure that police departments can use to improve the accuracy. of eyewitness testimony. Support your proposal with ONE (1) relevant example. Elaborate your example in details. 
Discuss THREE (3) consequences of technology on organizational communication. Provide ONE (1) relevant example for each answer. 
Describe the formation of an aquatic dead zone. 
Bernard has successfully determined the sequence of Protein X which consists of 110 amino acid residues. He is interested to predict the protein struc using the available homology modelling software. Based on your knowledge of the mechanism of protein folding, comment on the reliability and accuracy of the prediction. 
Explain the Mandatory of Product Adaptation. 
Define and explain 'Fiscal Policy' in terms of its objectives and differentiate between the 'Discretionary Fiscal Policy' and 'Automatic Fiscal Policy'. 
List any SEVEN (7) suggestions for good presentation of your business plan as it is very crucial to convince potential consumers and financers.
How does an endorsement differ from a teaching certificate
Differentiate between trait and phenotype. 
Critically review how a shift in the mental model with a different set of assumptions could change Yahoo.
Briefly explain why fatty acids such as stearic acid can be used in Langmuir Blodgett (LB) film deposition and how the monolayer is formed.
Provide TWO  (2) possible reasons why AirAsia  decide to offer this new online service.
Define federal fund market. Explain in detail its importance to a bank. 
Standardized, reusable containers have fairly obvious benefits in shipping and within a plant. State five (5) purpose of these devices. 
Compare how the Net Present Value (NPV), IRR method and modified Internal Rate of Return (MIRR) method is different.
Suggest and elaborate any TWO (2) efforts or methods that your company may use in order to gain competitive advantage over your competitors.
Describe conservation tillage and explain why it often requires a change in nutrient management. 
Differentiate between data and information using examples.
Discuss the advantages of reducing the minimum feature size.
Identify THREE (3) types of securities that are issued by Malaysian government. Explain each in detail. 
Describe the purposes of utilizing Building Information Modelling in the construction industry. 
Discuss the effectiveness of POST and GET methods in respect of flexibility and security.
Simplify the return statement in the max method using the ternary operator
Use the Chapman-Kolmogorov Equations procedure to find the n-step transition matrix pUi for n = 2 and 5.
Discuss the comparison between 'Quantitative Instruments' and 'Qualitative Instruments' of monetary policy. 
Draw an image using light and shadow to describe form most closely simulates how we perceive forms in nature. 
Briefly explain any TWO (2) security objectives of audit trails. 
Draw Production Possibilities Frontier and Trading Possibilities Frontier for China and Thailand. Clearly label the total output before specialization and total output after trade in the diagrams.
State the goal of integrated weed management and its essence.
Discuss the role of hydraulic engineering in the sustainable development and preservation. 
Recommend TWO (2) suitable types of glasses which have good insulation properties for green building construction. 
Judge aesthetic qualities and relationship to future values.
Briefly describe the disadvantages of characterising three dimensional protein structures using X-ray diffraction. 
Explain the meaning of the law of diminishing marginal returns. Briefly describe the relationship between total product (TP) and marginal product (MP), marginal product (MP) and average product (AP).
Explain choices made in making recommendations to an end user.
Distinguish between rill and gully erosion. 
Annealing is a thermal process typically performed after ion implantation. With the aid of diagrams, briefly discuss the purpose of this process. 
Explain with an energy band diagram how an electron-hole pair (EHP) is formed in a semiconductor. 
Participate in a mock election
Briefly explain the main feature of the structures of dilute foams and concentrated foams. 
Define the basic concepts involved in incorporating technology in teaching English language at secondary school level. 
Explain why the effectiveness of an expansionary monetary policy in increasing aggregate output is partially dependent on the interest sensitivity of the demand for money. 
Using transmission-gates, design and sketch a 4-to-1 multiplexer. 
Analyze a work of art in terms of form, color and texture.
Differentiate between Market Economy and Planned Economy.
FinFET technology is developed to minimize some of the shortcomings in planar MOSFETs. With the aid of diagrams, show the differences between these TWO (2) transistors. 
Highlight the importance of bioinformatics analysis in genomic studies. 
List THREE types of Atomic Force Mircroscopes (AFM).
Design an ideal newspaper organisational chart. Then describe the functions of the respective departments and how they relate to each other � horizontally and vertically.
Discuss the benefits of palm oil, in terms of versatility, diet-health relationship and sustainability. 
List FIVE (5) activities that you would use in the set-induction stage of a reading lesson Keeping our rivers clean. 
Briefly explain the characteristics of monopolistic market structure.
Draw the energy band diagram of the pn junction. 
A manager of a small company makes the following statement - "We need to keep hiring additional workers up to the point where the marginal productivity of the last worker we hire is at its maximum. This way we can maximize the total productivity of the firm."  Critically evaluate this statement. 
Define knowledge and provide an example of knowledge produced by a vehicle management system.
Illustrate TWO (2) Implications for International Advertisers 
Explain the importance of using initial velocity to study enzymatic catalysis. 
Provide a real life example on conflict of interest situation.
Based on your observation of the local newspaper industry, discuss and state your stance on whether gender affects professional news selection.
Identify any FIVE (5) significances of nonverbal communication in organization. 
Critique an experimental design or a research proposal.
Use dynamic programming to help the fortune seeker to identify the route which minimizes the total cost of the policy.
Describe the THREE (3) roles for social media in branding.
Discuss the objectives and the provision of site security in a construction site. 
Can you please analyze modern contemporary culture and tell me how your work plays a significant part in the remains of our post-modernist culture ?
Calculate Treynor's measure for AOV's Portfolio and the market. Compare the TWO (2) measures, and assess the performance of the AOV's portfolio during the year just ended. 
Outline the mechanisms employed by bacteria allowing them to evade phagocytic destruction.
Draw the ‘market demand' and 'supply curve'. 
Define CRM and discuss how the CRM can be implemented in the business environment.
Discuss the nature of socialism.
Generalize FIVE (5) ways to use digital photography in classroom teaching and learning.
Explain what the author means by the statement "our intellectual powers are geared to master static relations.
State FOUR (4) basic business activities that are performed in the revenue cycle.
How can you describe _____________?
Vince longs a put option on Junebank's stock with a strike price at RM13. Currently Junebank's stock is priced at RM15 and the option premium is RM1.50. Advise Vince whether or not to exercise the option. Justify your answer. 
Recommend with justification, a value or range of values to the Board of Directors for the acquisition of ESL Berhad.
Prepare a list of criteria to judge ... Evaluate expressions
Give THREE examples of symptoms that resemble herbicide damage on plants. 
Nomination committee plays a crucial role in ensuring the continuity of the board of directors into the future. Analyse the functions of nomination committee in the context of corporate governance. 
State the purposes of risk assessment. 
State the objective of proactive resistance management and briefly describe THREE methods of this management. 
Determine the doping levels in the respective regions.
The price of good is one of the internal factors of determinants of demands and it also depends on the cost of production. Describe the TWO (2) types of production cost with examples. 
Provide arguments on how these investment strategies help in maintaining market efficiency. 
Label the human communication process diagram below.
Briefly explain which characteristics of alluvial soils make them ideal for agriculture. 
In  your  opinion,  discuss  how  modern   supply  chain  management systems facilitate a pull-based  model.
Critically discuss the quote above and explain FIVE(5) ways the interest groups can be more effective with relevant examples.
Soil organic matter content will differ depending on environmental conditions. Justify with TWO examples. 
Explain the idea of MIDI file format in storing and playback of audio data.
Explain the whole method of crushing
Explain types of price discriminations.
Critically review the strengths, weaknesses,  opportunities and threats of Associated Meats Sdn Bhd in light of the forecast trends and developments.
Draw and label the model of Karl Weick's Theory of Organizing. 
Discuss FIVE (5) types of “Non Destructive Test equipment and how they can be used to aid the sensory indicators of building defects.
Discuss   POST   and   GET  methods   in  relation   to   idempotent   and   non-idempotent requests in the context of bank industry.
Discuss the extent to which the existence of a conflict between a company's objectives is acceptable.
In a teaching simulation with your peers role-playing 6th grade students, demonstrate the principle of reinforcement in classroom interactions and prepare a half page description of what happened during the simulation that validated the principle.
Discuss how curing can maintain quality and minimize decay of potato tubers in the postharvest stage. 
Sketch and label the section of the ground floor slab. Explain the purpose of each labelled component. 
“Firms can use existing brand names or create new brands on the internet”. Evaluate on the above statement. 
Draw a diagram to show the memory configuration after the following statements .... 
How would you differentiate obstructive apneas from central apneas
PERCEPTION STUDIES based on SURVEY METHOD are useful and common in both academic and market research. Critically evaluate the strategies used in data collection that can increase the response rate when conducting a survey.
Define Method in JAVA.
Compose a dialogue between Atticus Finch and Tom Robinson when they first met.
Describe how the soil colloidal complex tends to serve as a "reservoir" for plant nutrients. 
Deleting and abridging are methods to modify instructional material when it is adapted. Illustrate both methods by adapting a short story to teach reading and writing skills to intermediate proficiency students.
Explain the TWO main factors that could affect enzyme catalytic efficiency.
Identify and recommend any appropriate amendments to the proposal presented in order to rectify the errors made in estimating the company's current cost of capital and current value. For each of the revisions, explain the reasons why it should be amended.
You are appointed to identify building defects for a new building. Briefly identify SIX (6) common construction problems you would expect for modern buildings. 
Differentiate between classification  and prediction.  Justify your answer using an example for each.
Describe what goes in each of the four areas on the first page of notes
Give THREE disadvantages of X-Ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS). 
Construct a poster that will advertise your new food product in an exciting and irresistible way.
Explain  the  concept  of  Java  Bean  with  an  appropriate  example  and  code snippets in the context of Servlet and JSP technology.
Recall the equation for the Ideal Gas Law.
Indicate the variables that are important in each of the canonical variates.
From a blueprint to describe the article depicted.
Explain THREE characteristics that distinguish authoritarianism from totalitarianism.
Determine if a character’s actions were heroic 
"Trading strategies used by investors of futures and forwards markets help to maintain market efficiency". Based on the above statement, Differentiate between all THREE (3) main trading strategy used by futures and forward markets' investors.. 
Create plan of local environment by drawing around boxes.
Explain how competitive and uncompetitive inhibitors will affect enzymatic reactions. 
With the aid of pseudocode or source codes, assess the usage of fork, exec and wait functions in working together in inter process communication.
Estimate the magnitude of the bed shear stress by making necessary assumptions and justifications. 
Argue the case for conducting experimental research involving humans and propose guidelines to ensure that the dignity and welfare of the subjects are maintained.
Explain how auction is related to dynamic pricing.
Give FIVE (5) differences between GIF and SWF.
Describe the TWO (2) conditions that lead to bank failures. Provide the examples of bank failures that happened in the past with a specific time frame. 
Draw the diagrams for a centralized database and a distributed database.
Describe the THREE (3) elements of problem structure of a company. Contrast a structured problem to an unstructured problem. Discuss briefly which levels of management typically deal with structured problems and with unstructured problems. 
Municipal bonds are securities issued by local, county and state government. Identify THREE (3) types of Municipal Bonds that available in the market. 
Specify the thickness of a galvanized coating based on atmospheric data? (level 2) 
What are major facts about particular cultures and societies
Design a machine to perform a specific task.
Explain FOUR (4) advantages of using multimedia in classroom. 
Identify and describe the FOUR (4) criteria for judging economic outcomes. 
Translate an equation into a computer spreadsheet.
Define morphology
Give FIVE (5) differences between the bitmapped image and vector graphics.
Using the process approach in writing composition, describe the activities you would 
carry out to write a composition entitled 'A visit to a zoo in a Form 1 class. 
Give TWO disadvantages of Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM). 
Provide the suitable commands to help her to compile and run her Java program.
Rewrite the markov matrix to account for this slight change.
Write about your feelings in relation to...
Explain how mutation technique can be implemented in Genetic Algorithm (GA).
Define instructional materials based on your understanding. 
Using an appropriate example, discuss how MVC can lead to a good design of a particular web application.
How do we differentiate between genuine buyer and undercover buyer
Devise a different way of using X
"The slope has been standing for more than 15 years! So it is safe" and "Geological report shows that the slope is safe". The above statements are the common misconception. Propose FIVE (5) construction controls to ensure the safety of construction of residential building on hill-site in Malaysia. 
State three methods that could be used to determine the adequate number of factors in the solution.
National income can be calculated using three approaches. State the THREE (3) approaches.
Rearrange it to design the correct schema that is suitable for the system implementation.
Calculate the rate of habitat fragmentation within the Colorado Front Range in the last decade.
Discuss in details what Accounting Information Systems (AIS) is. 
Label any Olympic sporting apparatus with design features.
Compare herbatious and carnivorous animals on a Venn diagram.
Define FOUR (4) common authoring metaphors and its advantages and disadvantages.
Demonstrate email and social media approaches to create effective marketing plan.
Define factors of production.
You are conducting a building survey for a 2 year old building where you reported premature building decay. Explain the possible factors that may cause these defects to the building owner. 
Given a frequency filter specification as H(u;v), derive a procedure to generate the convolution result of its corresponding spatial filter with an image f(x,y). 
Show your calculations for all THREE (3) options and then discuss which one of the options you prefer.
Propose a strategy that minority can use to influence the majority. Support your answer with ONE (1) relevant example. Elaborate your example in details. 
Briefly discuss any TWO (2) consequences for whistle-blowing activity.
Use a sketch too find the exact value of each expression
Justify the following statement: “The value of a putable bond is never greater than the value of an otherwise comparable option-free bond."
Describe in prose what is shown in graph form.
Explain briefly the meaning of the following terms: Demography, Consumer sales promotion , and Media mix
State the formula for the area of a circle
Define transgenic crops.
Discuss the types of building defects commonly found on reinforced concrete flat roof which lead to water leaking and concrete cancer and how their cause of defects are defined under ISO 6241. 
Examine the data in the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables
Discuss FOUR (4) risks involved in trading US-dollar denominated crude palm oil futures contract (FUPO). 
The oscillating jet method is commonly used to study the surface/interfacial tensions. Give another THREE methods that are used to measure surface/interfacial tension. 
Your profit from previous project is RM30,000.00 and you just won a new project to construct a new airport runway at Sepang, Selangor. Decide whether you are going to purchase the bulldozer or pay out bonuses to your staff. Use the concept of opportunities cost, choices and scarcity to aid your explanation. 
Determine  the  memory  required  to  store  a  2  minutes  passage  of stereophonic music. 
PERCEPTION STUDIES based on SURVEY METHOD are useful and common in both academic and market research. Critically evaluate the strategies used  in data collection that can increase the response rate when conducting a survey.
Being outside directors, Independent Non-Executive Directors (INEDs) do not work in the company on a daily basis. Their hands are tied due to the nature of their positions. Provide an assessment on the limitations of INEDs in the context of corporate governance 
Identify some of the most important possible dimensions that should be included in the data modelling design.
Explain any FOUR (4) product design strategies you have learned. Evaluate the importance of each strategy. 
Explain THREE (3) categories of treatment to enhance the durability of timber. 
Choose ONE (1) activity and describe briefly how you plan to carry it out in your reading lesson. 
Explain FOUR (4) off-balance-sheet banking activities which are important but not recorded in a bank's balance sheet. 
Related party transaction is a transaction entered into by a PLC or its subsidiaries, which involved the interest of the related party. Justify the reasons for disclosure of related party transaction. 
Using transmission-gates, design and sketch an 8-to-1 multiplexer. 
Using appropriate examples, discuss a  situation  in which custom tags would be appropriate to use. 
Draw the block diagram of the central processing unit 
Given two opposing theories design an experiment to compare them.
Which of the following actions would probably be least effective in determining the answer? 
Express your opinion of 'Drugs in Sport' through poetry.
Apply the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions for this problem to derive an optimal solution.
Briefly explain the Auger process. 
Rewrite you predicted equation for the ideal gas law
Contrast Olympic athletes of today with athletes of past Olympic games.
Besides silicon and germanium, name ONE (1) other material which could be used to fabricate transistors. 
Who can use what we know about sonnets and finish this poem?
State  the  differences  between  Items Add  method  and  Items Insert Method in Combo Box.
Building Information Modeling (BIM) claims to enhance construction efficiency. Discuss THREE (3) benefits you would utilize and their importance to your project. 
Explain the concept of price leadership observed under the condition of oligopoly, by using graphs. 
Identify and discuss THREE (3) issues on employee productivity problems that companies face.
State the conductivity of a semiconductor at 0 K and clearly explain your answer. 
What do you think are the strengths of using integrated math in your program?
Show how E-CRM can be used to improve marketing positioning as explained in the article
Explain how auction is related to dynamic pricing.
How would you investigate this patient
Identify and discuss THREE (3) issues on employee productivity problems that companies face.
Compare and contrast microbial and chemical risk assessment. 
Discuss the factors that you think may have affected the quality of newspapers in Malaysia and identify the key elements for a successful newspaper .
Sketch the blackbody curves for radiation emitted from the Sun and the Earth
What has the author used to create this effect
Identify what types of brickwork defects that require rejection from the supervisor. 
Calculate the carrier densities of the doped semiconductor at 400 K. 
Identify the correct definition of osmosis.
List FIVE (5) basic types of research.
Propose a suitable preparatory demolition survey, method and shoring where some partial demolition work is included for the rear building portion. 
Assess the relative effectiveness of different graphical representations of the same data or biological concept.
 How can we combine and abstract facts about a software system to create new knowledge?
Determine the Fermi level (in eV) of the doped semiconductor and draw the energy band diagram. 
Explain how Timothy saved Phillip's life.
Following the identification of the forms of corrosion that were involved in a failure, recommend a solution to avoid this failure?
As a defence strategy, most plant secondary metabolites exert adverse effects on herbivores. Discuss how plants avoid poisoning themselves with these metabolites. 
Combine any two sports to develop a new Olympic sport.
Critique the other student's (or your own) speech, based on the criteria we have studied this semester.
Interpret the pictures.
Discuss  any THREE  (3) negative  impacts  of entertainment  media to our society.
What is the most important...?
In your own words, tell what the story is about.
Can you group by characteristics such as . . .?
Identify the part of a eukaryotic cell.
In one sentence illustrate the main point of a written passage.
Classify a person who scored 12 and 10 for acceptability  and confidence assuming equal cost of misclassification and current percentage of supporters being 40.
Butanol is found to be an efficient carbon source for the cultivation of this microorganism. Suggest how this carbon source can be sterilised and used in this fermentation process.
In what ways do female offenders differ from male offenders
Briefly explain how tillage will influence the density of soil. 
List down THREE (3) methods of excavation. 
Translate an equation into a spreadsheet formula.
As a manager in an Information Technology firm, suggest and elaborate any THREE (3) actions that organizations can take as part of the responsibility towards the society.
Define compound interest.
List the information that can be obtained from X-Ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS). 
Define soil horizon and relate it with soil profile. 
Discuss FIVE (5) factors that are most likely to influence the effectiveness of upward communication. 
How does your agency inspect against its expectation for operators 
Critically discuss FOUR (4) main dimensions that are used to classify countries based on Hofstede's Cultural Dimensions Theory.
Summarize a historical document
Distinguish Paradox of the Commons from Tragedy of the Commons.
List FIVE (5) differences between forward and future market. 
State THREE advantages of pregnancy diagnosis in animal breeding. 
Discuss the THREE (3) levels of organizational culture outlined by Schein. Provide your discussion with an example for each level. 
Evaluate how the increase of the transconductance affects the operation of the transistor. 
Prepare a book jacket that illustrates the kind of book as well as the story.
Scaling methods can improve the performance of the web site. Propose to Jane which scaling method suit her current business needs. Justify your answer.
Predict the effects of excess application of nitrogen fertilizer into the soil. 
The scope of institutional shareholder activism includes attempts made to bring about changes in a company's behavior for adoption of good governance practices. Differentiate shareholder resolution and proxy voting as the two major tools for institutional shareholder to promote corporate governance. 
Distinguish between objectives and learning outcomes when planning a lesson. 
Name a commercially available software or an open-source software that does the computational analysis of flows of hydraulic engineering and explain what it is used for, what equations based on what assumptions it uses and how then are solved. 
Discuss FIVE (5) main differences between aims and learning outcomes. 
Critically discuss how demographic characteristics would affect a product development in a foreign market.
State the SIX categories in soil taxonomy. 
Make up a puzzle game using the ideas from the study area.
Describe the differences in the sugar compositions between unfermented and fermented cocoa beans. 
How much time did he took to build a house
Describe the term 'urbanization' and discuss how urbanization influences the development of marketing and advertising strategies.
Briefly  discuss  on the  difference  between  volatile  and  non-volatile storage.
Distinguish between ‘load bearing wall' and 'non-load bearing wall’. 
Translate a written text aloud from L2 to English.
Identify TWO (2) perspectives that are able to explain the origin of prejudice. 
Describe the applications of mild steel in construction. 
Information systems value is determined by the strong relationships among THREE (3) major components. Name them.
Company director can be removed by the shareholders during general meetings. However, the office of a director can become vacant under certain circumstances. Discuss FOUR (4) criteria for vacation of office.
Describe each of the media types: captured, synthesized, discrete and continuous. Classify all the multimedia elements into the media types that described above.
Explain what is happening...
Explain the benefits of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) in the context of web security.
in which countries is arabic language spoken
Write in details FIVE (5) phases of design process.
Explain the relationship between data warehouse and data mining.
Identify FIVE (5) lists giving advices of how organization can cominunicate with the public during the crisis. Explain your answer with ONE (1) example for each advice given. 
How can we construct H given I, B and E?
Conducting a set-induction before presentation has several advantages. List the FIVE (5) reasons for use of the set-induction in a lesson. 
Use a costing model to compute prices on goods to maximise profits and minimise costs.
List another TWO isotherms besides Langmiur isoterm. 
Define mercantilism.
Name five cities in US.
Sketch the Type I isotherm and provide a brief description of its nature and the processes that gives rise to the isotherm. 
Award the contract to the best proposal. Rank the principles of "good sportsmanship" in order of importance to you.
Suppose the two countries wish to specialize and trade. Specifically determine and explain which country enjoys comparative advantage in the production of sugar cane and blue agave. 
List the fractions you know and can show….
Briefly explain the differences between a Langmuir-Blodgett (LB) monolayer and a self-assembled monolayer (SAM). 
Support your views with TWO (2) examples from everyday life for each origins. 
Describe the meaning of 'design'. 
Discuss any TWO (2) application areas where multimedia can be used in education environment.
A client wishes to renovate his balcony at first floor by replacing the metal handrail with glass panel. Recommend a suitable type of glass to the client and justify your answer. Please be reminded that safety is the major factor in all cases. 
Explain how a Close method behaves differently for a modelessform (using the show method) compared to a modal form (using the showdialog method).
Discuss the disadvantages of timber flat roofs. 
Explain why higher rates of nitrogen might be required for no tillage compared to conventional tillage. 
Estimate the value of the roughness parameter of the riverbed from the observed surface slope and velocity. Compare your computed value with generally known values for the present river bed. 
Sketch ONE (1) movement to show repetition in shape and color. 
In general, there are four broad categories of innovation which include product innovation. Illustrate your understanding by using TWO (2) real life examples for product innovation that follow the radical fashion.
State, define and list the advantage(s) and disadvantage(s) of the THREE animal selection methods for multiple traits. 
Defend the following claim: The Cornell method works so well that it could turn even a poor lecture into a valuable learning experience.
Jolly and Bolitho (1998) proposed a 7-stage framework to show the process of material design. Apply the framework through use of media to teach 14 year old students action verbs. State the type of media that is going to be used for the lesson. 
Foundation design is required the study and examination of multiple components which is a highly specialized the function and usually is performed by a structural engineer. Inspect the components which have to include in the designing of a building foundation. 
Interpret the relationship found between these item sets in terms of Support, Lift and Confidence.
With the aid of a flow chart, briefly describe the steps involved in developing a successful animal breeding programme. 
Use your imagination to create a picture about the story. Then, add one new thing that was not in the story.
Director independence is a pivotal element of corporate governance. Illustrate the requirements of "Persons Connected with Directors" as stipulated under Companies Act 2016 Section 197(1). 
Define put-call parity. Discuss its implications and how arbitrageurs could take advantage of arbitrage opportunities for both options. 
Define stream bank, floodplain and substrate.
Compare and contrast between signal and pipe methods in the context of inter process communication.
Evaluate if the contact is ohmic or rectifying (Schottky diode) in nature. Provide the analysis and support your answer with calculation
Describe in your own words what happens when a stream's velocity slows.
Using an appropriate example, describe how competitive ELISA works. 
Cyrus claimed that placentomes could be observed using a transabdominal probe to scan both pregnant sow and doe on day-20 of gestation. Justify whether his claim is true or false. 
What ideas can you add to...?
Compare FOUR (4) point of views of entrepreneurs with FOUR (4) for managers the way they look at the things.
Identify and correct the error(s) in the following statements.
“As additional units of a variable input are added to a fixed input, the marginal product of the variable input may at the beginning rises, subsequently falls and becomes negative in the short-run". Explain this statement by using appropriate diagrams. 
Propose a suitable type of glass that is used to construct a transparent fiat roof for the entrance of the Heritage Hall in Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman. 
Use a manual to calculate an employee's vacation time.
Are you a . . . person?
Determine  which  sub-stage that the  deal  is currently  in for the  following cases.
Apply your understanding the Olympic spirit to develop a new motto or slogan.
Write a program to calculate the SQRT for Array elements, you may use the Math class function (sqrt), the Array should include 5 Integer elements. The output should be the array elements along with their SQRT value.
Assume that you have been assigned to run a Google Ads search advertising campaign for a new café in Kampar, Perak. Recommend FIVE (5) strategies to develop a successful search advertising campaign for the café.
What evidence can you find to suggest that people should be regarded as the most important resource of an organisation?
Suggest THREE (3) methods Game2 can take to prevent damage to its Web sites and continuing operations.  Justify your answer.
Explain the term inflation as used in building economics. 
As an editor-in-chief, suggest how you can motivate your experienced journalists to remain with your paper.
 Develop a network based on the following information: Activity Immediate predecessors
Explain why lossy compression gives better compression.
Write 5 new titles for the story that would give a good idea of what it was about
As a supervisor for the brickworks, List FOUR (4) aspects of brick quality control in order to produce good architectural work. 
Develop a way to teach the concept of "adjectives".
How would you decide about...?
Show how NLP techniques can be deployed in business.
Draw the "onion model that represents Schein's Model of Organizational Culture. 
Audit committee is responsible to implement and support the monitoring function of the board of directors. Develop a list of best practices for audit committee meeting. 
Explain THREE (3) broad categories of e-commerce with examples.
Illustrate with a labelled drawing the pathway of nitrate assimilation in leaf mesophyll cells. In your answer, discuss the origin of nitrate that is available to the mesophyll cells, the energy requirements of nitrate assimilation, the end products, and the fate of unassimilated nitrate. 
Construct an alternative way to ...
Comment on the importance of comparative genomics research. 
Propose TWO (2) factors that are relevant to the initiation of conflict in group. 
Briefly explain the desire properties of aggregate in producing concrete mixture. 
Explain why Servlet technology is better than the Common Gateway Interface CGI.
Explain the marginal cost relationship with average variable cost (AVC) and average total cost (ATC). Support your answer by using an appropriate diagram. 
Rewriting and restructuring are the methods to modify instructional material when it is adapted. Illustrate both methods by adapting a short story to teach speaking to intermediate proficiency students. 
Briefly explain how aggregation processes could improve the water quality in a water treatment plant. 
Discuss some possible challenges that the bank may face in deploying  data mining.
Explain how the affinity of hemoglobin for oxygen is regulated. 
Is there a better solution to . . .?
Suggest a house-style and editorial policies for your newly introduced newspaper targeted at young readers aged between 15 to 25 years.
Identify a phrase as a simile
Solve the following problem using genetic algorithm.
Compare and contrast the characteristics between hardwood and softwood. 
Outline the aim of two studies within the 
Explain the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
Propose  and justify ONE  (1)  international market-entry strategy that you may consider to market your products internationally.
How effective are . . .?
Draw a comprehensive poster layout design for Visit Malaysia 2020 campaign. Provide a design rationale to support your idea. 
How do psychologists differ in their general attitudes toward third party presence
Define instructional materials and provide an example of it. 
Explain the WMA, AVI, and QuickTime video format.
Compare and contrast preview questions, clarifying questions and anticipated exam questions, including how each relates to the notetaking process? 
Name the amino acids for the following single letter codes: DMVREL. 
List and explain THREE factors that are affecting microbial biodegradation rates of petroleum hydrocarbon. 
After designing an experiment, examining the results, and drawing conclusions, determines in what ways the experiment could be conducted more effectively in order to draw more productive conclusions in the future.
Explain the purposes of scaling. 
